// Compost colors for biomancy. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
absorption_boost, #ffffff
acolyte_armor_boots, #fff4f1
acolyte_armor_chestplate, #cdaba5
acolyte_armor_helmet, #fbddda
acolyte_armor_leggings, #f8dee1
ageing_serum, #aa7919
bile, #ffffff
bio_lumens, #b4feff
bloomberry, #ffc0ff
bone_fragments, #e7e7c9
breeding_stimulant, #ffffff
cleansing_serum, #ffffff
creator_mix, #f898c6
decaying_additive, #fffbff
despoil_sickle, #fbbfca
elastic_fibers, #fb8a9d
enlargement_serum, #f86937
essence, #ffffff
exotic_compound, #ffeaf8
exotic_dust, #b283ff
fertilizer, #c9e091
flesh_bits, #ffb9d4
flesh_door, #ffdede
flesh_ladder, #e4a28e
flesh_spike, #ffffff
frenzy_serum, #ffffff
full_flesh_door, #ffe0e0
gem_fragments, #a59bc5
genetic_compound, #fff1e6
gift_sac, #edcdc8
healing_additive, #fffffa
hormone_secretion, #ffffff
insomnia_cure, #ffffff
living_flesh, #ffc3c9
malignant_flesh_veins, #d6839a
mineral_fragment, #7fa4ac
mob_claw, #8c8376
mob_fang, #fffff7
mob_gland, #6fa487
mob_marrow, #ffffff
mob_sinew, #ffb2d2
nutrient_bar, #c3c8a4
nutrient_paste, #fbfada
nutrients, #55b65e
organic_compound, #fff0ee
organic_matter, #e3cfbb
primordial_core, #ffbeda
regenerative_fluid, #6bab5b
rejuvenation_serum, #ffffff
shrinking_serum, #bc864b
stone_powder, #ffffff
tendon_chain, #ffffff
tough_fibers, #af8c6c
toxin_extract, #f7ffcc
toxin_gland, #aecd5e
unstable_compound, #ffeae1
vial, #ffffff
volatile_fluid, #fff7e7
volatile_gland, #ff7936
withered_mob_marrow, #e4e3e6
withering_ooze, #ffffff
