// Compost colors for blue_skies. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
alchemist_spawn_egg, #c95e48
alchemy_scroll, #fffff7
aquatic_arc, #ffffff
aquite, #86e0ff
aquite_axe, #ffffff
aquite_boots, #549aed
aquite_chestplate, #68c0ff
aquite_helmet, #4d8ad3
aquite_hoe, #ffffff
aquite_leggings, #559dee
aquite_pickaxe, #ffffff
aquite_shovel, #ffffff
aquite_sword, #ffffff
arachnarch_spawn_egg, #89799b
astrolabe, #823af4
azulfo_horn, #fef2da
bag_of_spoils, #fbddff
baneful_mushroom, #fffbff
banished_armor_trim_smithing_template, #b4b4a1
black_brewberry, #eaedfa
blaze_bud, #ffffff
blinding_key, #ffffff
blinding_rage, #ffffff
blue_journal, #d7e6e4
bluebright_axe, #ffffff
bluebright_door, #eef8ff
bluebright_hanging_sign, #6879aa
bluebright_hoe, #ffffff
bluebright_ladder, #3d4662
bluebright_pickaxe, #ffffff
bluebright_sapling, #eeffff
bluebright_shovel, #ffffff
bluebright_sign, #6172a8
bluebright_spear, #ffffff
bluebright_stick, #ffffff
bluebright_sword, #ffffff
bluebright_vine, #69caff
blush_blossom, #ffffff
brewberry, #fff5ff
brewberry_bush, #faffff
briskbloom, #ffffff
brittlebush, #ffffff
brumble, #ffffff
brumble_vine_top, #ffffff
bug_guts, #ffffff
camel_saddle, #ffffff
camellia, #ffffff
carabeef, #e3f4ff
charoite, #bf8de7
charoite_axe, #ffffff
charoite_boots, #ffffff
charoite_chestplate, #ffe7ff
charoite_helmet, #ffffff
charoite_hoe, #ffffff
charoite_leggings, #ffffff
charoite_pickaxe, #ffffff
charoite_shovel, #ffffff
charoite_sword, #ffffff
charscale_moki, #fffffc
chilled_lily_pad, #c5ffff
chillweed, #ffffff
comet_axe, #ffffff
comet_berries, #ffffff
comet_berry_pie, #d7a551
comet_door, #fffcff
comet_grass, #ffffff
comet_hanging_sign, #bb6878
comet_hoe, #ffffff
comet_ladder, #6e3a43
comet_pickaxe, #ffffff
comet_sapling, #ffffff
comet_shovel, #ffffff
comet_sign, #b65e6f
comet_spear, #ffffff
comet_stick, #ffffff
comet_sword, #ffffff
cooked_carabeef, #d7e0f2
cooked_charscale_moki, #ffffff
cooked_grittle_flatfish, #fff8ff
cooked_horizofin_tunid, #ffffff
cooked_monitor_tail, #fffbf8
cooked_municipal_monkfish, #ffffff
cooked_venison, #f5ffff
crescent_fruit, #fffed7
crescent_fruit_sapling, #ffffff
crushing_hammer, #ffffff
cryo_root, #f5ffff
crystal_flower, #ffffff
crystal_glass_pane, #ffffff
crystallized_door, #ffffff
crystallized_grass, #ffffff
debug_sword, #ffffff
defying_starlight, #eefff8
different_sword, #fff7fa
diopside_axe, #ffffff
diopside_boots, #ffffff
diopside_chestplate, #c5ffc3
diopside_gem, #2fe332
diopside_helmet, #ffffff
diopside_hoe, #ffffff
diopside_leggings, #ebffea
diopside_pickaxe, #ffffff
diopside_shovel, #ffffff
diopside_sword, #ffffff
dusk_arc, #f7e8ff
dusk_axe, #ffffff
dusk_door, #e8d3fb
dusk_hanging_sign, #644072
dusk_hoe, #ffffff
dusk_ladder, #9482a2
dusk_pickaxe, #ffffff
dusk_sapling, #ffffff
dusk_shovel, #ffffff
dusk_sign, #69437a
dusk_spear, #ffffff
dusk_stick, #ffffff
dusk_sword, #ffffff
dusk_vine, #ffcdff
ethereal_arc, #ffffff
everbright_portal, #e0ffff
everdawn_portal, #ffe4e4
falsite_ingot, #8a4eff
falsite_nugget, #7541e0
fiery_bean_seeds, #ffffff
fiery_beans, #fffff4
flare_floret, #ffffff
fox_pelt, #fff1ff
frose, #ffffff
frostbright_axe, #ffffff
frostbright_door, #e7d4cf
frostbright_hanging_sign, #725447
frostbright_hoe, #ffffff
frostbright_ladder, #4d3e3a
frostbright_pickaxe, #ffffff
frostbright_sapling, #ffffff
frostbright_shovel, #ffffff
frostbright_sign, #6c483c
frostbright_spear, #ffffff
frostbright_stick, #ffffff
frostbright_sword, #ffffff
frostbright_vine, #ffffff
gatekeeper_spawn_egg, #5f5232
glimmer_reed, #ffffff
grittle_flatfish, #e4e6e8
horizofin_tunid, #ffffeb
horizonite_axe, #ffffff
horizonite_boots, #ffffff
horizonite_chestplate, #ffeec6
horizonite_helmet, #ffffff
horizonite_hoe, #ffffff
horizonite_ingot, #fff8cc
horizonite_leggings, #ffffee
horizonite_nugget, #ff7532
horizonite_pickaxe, #ffffff
horizonite_shovel, #ffffff
horizonite_sword, #ffffff
infused_arc_sword, #ffffff
life_arc, #ffffff
loot_bag, #fff7dc
loot_bag_alchemist, #ffc8c5
loot_bag_arachnarch, #ccc5d3
loot_bag_starlit_crusher, #cff5f0
loot_bag_summoner, #e3dcee
lucentroot, #ffffff
lunar_axe, #ffffff
lunar_door, #fff0ff
lunar_dripstone, #403d40
lunar_grass, #ffffff
lunar_hanging_sign, #a166b9
lunar_hoe, #ffffff
lunar_ladder, #54345f
lunar_lever, #ffffff
lunar_pickaxe, #ffffff
lunar_sapling, #fffcff
lunar_shovel, #ffffff
lunar_sign, #9e5eb9
lunar_spear, #ffffff
lunar_stick, #ffffff
lunar_stone_axe, #ffffff
lunar_stone_hoe, #ffffff
lunar_stone_pickaxe, #ffffff
lunar_stone_shovel, #ffffff
lunar_stone_sword, #ffffff
lunar_sword, #ffffff
lunar_vine, #dd9dff
maple_axe, #ffffff
maple_door, #ffd9cd
maple_hanging_sign, #b45f4b
maple_hoe, #ffffff
maple_ladder, #5e2f25
maple_pickaxe, #ffffff
maple_sapling, #fffffb
maple_shovel, #ffffff
maple_sign, #b55840
maple_spear, #ffffff
maple_stick, #ffffff
maple_sword, #ffffff
maple_vine, #ff6658
midday_bayhop, #d2caff
midnight_glass_pane, #40444
monitor_tail, #fff7ff
moonlit_bloom, #ffffff
moonlit_water_lily, #f7f8fb
moonstone, #ffffff
moonstone_crystal, #ffffff
moonstone_shard, #ffffff
muckweed, #ffffff
multi_portal_item, #f7ffff
municipal_monkfish, #ffffff
nature_arc, #f0fff5
nature_key, #ffffff
nightcress, #ffffff
pearl, #ffc3aa
pine_fruit, #f5e6cc
pine_fruit_seeds, #b6aba7
pink_brewberry, #fffcff
poison_arc, #ffffff
poison_key, #ffffff
polar_posy, #ffffff
population, #505050
prepared_food, #5f410a
pyrope_axe, #ffffff
pyrope_boots, #ffffff
pyrope_chestplate, #ffcadc
pyrope_gem, #ff4772
pyrope_helmet, #ffffff
pyrope_hoe, #ffffff
pyrope_leggings, #fff0fc
pyrope_pickaxe, #ffffff
pyrope_shovel, #ffffff
pyrope_sword, #ffffff
raw_aquite, #68bfff
raw_charoite, #b886e4
raw_falsite, #8c5cff
raw_horizonite, #ff662c
raw_ventium, #c3302a
regrowth_armor_trim_smithing_template, #6fab69
runic_arc, #ffffb5
scalefruit, #ffffff
scalefruit_seeds, #ffffff
sea_moss, #ffffff
shadow_boots, #f4f4ff
shadow_chestplate, #b5b4c5
shadow_helmet, #ffffff
shadow_leggings, #dedeed
snowbloom, #ffffff
snowcap_mushroom, #c8fbff
snowcap_pinhead, #ffffff
solnut, #fff2ca
soul_fragment, #ffffff
soulbound_spear, #ffffff
spider_webbing, #ffffff
star_flare, #ffffff
starlit_axe, #ffffff
starlit_crusher_spawn_egg, #aeb9c5
starlit_door, #ffffff
starlit_hanging_sign, #93b4b9
starlit_hoe, #ffffff
starlit_ladder, #4d6266
starlit_pickaxe, #ffffff
starlit_sapling, #ffffff
starlit_shovel, #ffffff
starlit_sign, #97bbc2
starlit_spear, #ffffff
starlit_stick, #ffffff
starlit_sword, #ffffff
starlit_vine, #b891ff
summoner_spawn_egg, #7998b8
summoning_tome, #c3c9cd
sunstone_crystal, #ffffff
tall_lunar_grass, #ffffff
tall_turquoise_grass, #ffffff
thwarted_armor_trim_smithing_template, #b2b4a8
toxic_armor_trim_smithing_template, #bc5a80
turquoise_dripstone, #577da4
turquoise_grass, #ffffff
turquoise_lever, #ffffff
turquoise_stone_axe, #ffffff
turquoise_stone_hoe, #ffffff
turquoise_stone_pickaxe, #ffffff
turquoise_stone_shovel, #ffffff
turquoise_stone_sword, #ffffff
venison, #ffffff
venom_sac, #ffffff
venomous_encounter, #973c83
ventium_bucket, #ffb2af
ventium_charscale_moki_bucket, #fab6b9
ventium_drifter_bucket, #fee0de
ventium_grittle_flatfish_bucket, #daa4ab
ventium_horizofin_tunid_bucket, #ffc2bc
ventium_ingot, #ffc9c9
ventium_lava_bucket, #ffc6b8
ventium_milk_bucket, #ffcfcd
ventium_municipal_monkfish_bucket, #e8c5cc
ventium_nugget, #ca3232
ventium_shears, #ffffff
ventium_water_bucket, #fabcca
warding_pearl, #ffffff
winter_leaf_seeds, #ffffff
winter_leaves, #f5fff7
zeal_lighter, #ffffff
