// Compost colors for chemlib. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
acetic_acid_bucket, #aeaeae
acetylene_bucket, #aeaeae
actinium_metal_block, #ffffff
aluminum_metal_block, #ffffff
ammonia_bucket, #aeaeae
ammonium_bucket, #aeaeae
argon_bucket, #aeaeae
argon_lamp_block, #808080
barium_metal_block, #ffffff
beryllium_metal_block, #ffffff
bismuth_metal_block, #ffffff
bromine_bucket, #aeaeae
butane_bucket, #aeaeae
cadmium_metal_block, #ffffff
calcium_metal_block, #ffffff
carbon_dioxide_bucket, #aeaeae
carbon_disulfide_bucket, #aeaeae
carbon_monoxide_bucket, #aeaeae
cerium_metal_block, #ffffff
cesium_metal_block, #ffffff
chlorine_bucket, #aeaeae
chromium_metal_block, #ffffff
cobalt_metal_block, #ffffff
dysprosium_metal_block, #ffffff
epinephrine_bucket, #aeaeae
erbium_metal_block, #ffffff
ethane_bucket, #aeaeae
ethanol_bucket, #aeaeae
ethylene_bucket, #aeaeae
europium_metal_block, #ffffff
fluorine_bucket, #aeaeae
francium_metal_block, #ffffff
gadolinium_metal_block, #ffffff
gallium_metal_block, #ffffff
hafnium_metal_block, #ffffff
helium_bucket, #aeaeae
helium_lamp_block, #808080
hexane_bucket, #aeaeae
holmium_metal_block, #ffffff
hydrochloric_acid_bucket, #aeaeae
hydrogen_bucket, #aeaeae
hydrogen_sulfide_bucket, #aeaeae
indium_metal_block, #ffffff
iridium_metal_block, #ffffff
krypton_bucket, #aeaeae
krypton_lamp_block, #808080
lanthanum_metal_block, #ffffff
lead_metal_block, #ffffff
lithium_metal_block, #ffffff
lutetium_metal_block, #ffffff
magnesium_metal_block, #ffffff
manganese_metal_block, #ffffff
mercury_bucket, #aeaeae
methane_bucket, #aeaeae
molybdenum_metal_block, #ffffff
neodymium_metal_block, #ffffff
neon_bucket, #aeaeae
neon_lamp_block, #808080
nickel_metal_block, #ffffff
niobium_metal_block, #ffffff
nitric_acid_bucket, #aeaeae
nitric_oxide_bucket, #aeaeae
nitrogen_bucket, #aeaeae
nitrogen_dioxide_bucket, #aeaeae
osmium_metal_block, #ffffff
oxygen_bucket, #aeaeae
palladium_metal_block, #ffffff
pentane_bucket, #aeaeae
platinum_metal_block, #ffffff
polonium_metal_block, #ffffff
polyvinyl_chloride_plate, #aee1ff
potassium_metal_block, #ffffff
praseodymium_metal_block, #ffffff
propane_bucket, #aeaeae
protactinium_metal_block, #ffffff
radium_metal_block, #ffffff
radon_bucket, #aeaeae
radon_lamp_block, #808080
rhenium_metal_block, #ffffff
rhodium_metal_block, #ffffff
rubidium_metal_block, #ffffff
ruthenium_metal_block, #ffffff
samarium_metal_block, #ffffff
scandium_metal_block, #ffffff
silver_metal_block, #ffffff
sodium_metal_block, #ffffff
strontium_metal_block, #ffffff
sulfur_dioxide_bucket, #aeaeae
sulfur_trioxide_bucket, #aeaeae
sulfuric_acid_bucket, #aeaeae
tantalum_metal_block, #ffffff
terbium_metal_block, #ffffff
thallium_metal_block, #ffffff
thorium_metal_block, #ffffff
thulium_metal_block, #ffffff
tin_metal_block, #ffffff
titanium_metal_block, #ffffff
tungsten_metal_block, #ffffff
uranium_metal_block, #ffffff
vanadium_metal_block, #ffffff
xenon_bucket, #aeaeae
xenon_lamp_block, #808080
ytterbium_metal_block, #ffffff
yttrium_metal_block, #ffffff
zinc_metal_block, #ffffff
zirconium_metal_block, #ffffff
