// Compost colors for delightful. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
acorn, #e1d3be
adamantium_knife, #fcffff
alf_knife, #ffffff
allthemodium_knife, #fffff0
amethyst_knife, #ffffff
animal_fat, #ffffff
animal_oil_bottle, #ffffff
azalea_tea, #ffffff
berry_matcha_latte, #ffffff
black_opal_knife, #f1ebff
blazing_knife, #ffffeb
blueberry_pie_slice, #ffffff
bone_knife, #ffffff
brass_knife, #ffffff
bronze_knife, #fffff2
cactus_chili, #9a552d
cactus_flesh, #d0f0b1
cactus_soup, #ffffeb
cactus_soup_cup, #fee4c9
cactus_steak, #b9bf80
cantaloupe_bread, #d6aa84
cantaloupe_gummy, #ffebb8
cantaloupe_popsicle, #ffffeb
cantaloupe_seeds, #ffffff
cantaloupe_slice, #fffffa
certus_quartz_knife, #ffffff
cheeseburger, #feeec0
chopped_clover, #c0edc9
chunkwich, #fff0ca
cloggrum_knife, #fffbf5
coconut_curry, #a06932
constantan_knife, #fffff1
cooked_goat, #ffe3de
cooked_marshmallow_stick, #ffffff
cooked_venison_chops, #fffef4
copper_knife, #fffff7
crab_rangoon, #fff2c5
crystalline_knife, #ffffff
deluxe_cheeseburger, #f4ddb2
draco_arcanus_knife, #e1deed
electrum_knife, #ffffff
elementium_knife, #ffffff
emerald_knife, #fcffff
ender_nectar, #ffffff
enderite_knife, #fffbff
experience_knife, #ffffed
field_salad, #fffcd9
fiery_knife, #ffffea
fluix_knife, #fffbff
forgotten_knife, #dcffff
froststeel_knife, #ffffff
gilded_netherite_knife, #ffffff
gilded_quartz_knife, #ffffff
gloomgourd_pie_slice, #ffffff
glow_jam_jar, #ffffff
gravitite_knife, #ffffff
green_apple_pie_slice, #ffffff
green_tea_leaf, #a5d3ac
holystone_knife, #ffffff
honey_glazed_walnut, #ffffea
infused_veridium_knife, #ffffff
invar_knife, #ffffff
ironwood_knife, #ffffff
jam_jar, #ffffff
kiwano_knife, #ffffea
knightmetal_knife, #ffffff
lapis_lazuli_knife, #f1ffff
large_amethyst_knife, #fffbff
lavender_tea, #ffffff
lead_knife, #f7f4ff
leaf_knife, #f1ffe8
living_knife, #fffffb
manasteel_knife, #ffffff
marshmallow_stick, #ffffff
matcha, #fcffeb
matcha_gummy, #f0ffd3
matcha_ice_cream, #ffffe6
matcha_latte, #ffffff
matcha_milkshake, #ffffff
mythril_knife, #fefbff
necronium_knife, #fcffff
nether_quartz_knife, #ffffff
netherite_opal_knife, #e0d9e7
nickel_knife, #ffffff
nut_butter_and_jam_sandwich, #ffe4be
nut_butter_bottle, #ffffff
nut_dough, #ffffff
obsidian_infused_enderite_knife, #fff0ff
onyx_knife, #e8e7e6
osmium_knife, #ffffff
phoenix_knife, #f49046
prickly_pear_juice, #ffffff
pumpkin_pie_slice, #ffffff
raw_goat, #ffd9dd
refined_glowstone_knife, #ffffff
refined_obsidian_knife, #ffffff
roasted_acorn, #fffce3
rock_candy, #ffffff
rose_gold_knife, #ffffff
salmonberries, #fff2ae
salmonberry_gummy, #ffe8ae
salmonberry_ice_cream, #ffffeb
salmonberry_milkshake, #ffffff
salmonberry_pie, #ffffd9
salmonberry_pie_slice, #ffffff
salmonberry_pips, #ffffd9
silver_knife, #ffffff
sinigang, #fffffb
sinisite_knife, #eaebff
skyjade_knife, #fffffb
skyroot_knife, #ffffff
smore, #fffbcf
soul_steel_knife, #cdd4e3
source_berry_cookie, #ffeed0
source_berry_gummy, #f582ff
source_berry_ice_cream, #ffebff
source_berry_milkshake, #ffffff
source_berry_pie_slice, #ffffff
steel_knife, #ffffff
steeleaf_knife, #f4ffeb
stratus_knife, #ffffff
stuffed_cantaloupe, #fffce7
stuffed_cantaloupe_block, #fffff0
terra_knife, #ffffff
thyrium_knife, #feffff
tin_knife, #ffffff
utherium_knife, #fff1f2
valkyrum_knife, #ffffff
venison_chops, #fff8f2
veridium_knife, #ffffff
warden_knife, #e1fcfe
wild_salmonberries, #9bb94a
wrapped_cantaloupe, #ffe6d2
zanite_knife, #ffffff
zinc_knife, #ffffff
