// Compost colors for dyeable_redstone_signal. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
black_redstone, #e4e4e4
blue_redstone, #6ea2
brown_redstone, #894608
common_redstone, #f7cdb4
common_redstone_converter, #ffffff
common_redstone_repeater, #ffffff
cyan_redstone, #8a273
gray_redstone, #fefefe
green_redstone, #15a218
light_blue_redstone, #cdd2
light_gray_redstone, #ffffff
lime_redstone, #489028
magenta_redstone, #c3049e
orange_redstone, #c56e04
pink_redstone, #ff86ca
purple_redstone, #9404c6
red_redstone, #c50505
redstone_ammeter, #f8ffff
white_redstone, #ffffff
yellow_redstone, #ffffd4
