// Compost colors for dyenamicsandfriends. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
bumblezone_amber_string_curtain, #c9701c
bumblezone_amber_super_candle_base, #e17a1b
bumblezone_aquamarine_string_curtain, #377a76
bumblezone_aquamarine_super_candle_base, #2f8689
bumblezone_bubblegum_string_curtain, #e86fb4
bumblezone_bubblegum_super_candle_base, #ff79d4
bumblezone_cherenkov_string_curtain, #1191bc
bumblezone_cherenkov_super_candle_base, #4a2de
bumblezone_conifer_string_curtain, #b2cc51
bumblezone_conifer_super_candle_base, #c8ea5b
bumblezone_fluorescent_string_curtain, #e0d9a7
bumblezone_fluorescent_super_candle_base, #fffac3
bumblezone_honey_string_curtain, #f0aa44
bumblezone_honey_super_candle_base, #ffc04b
bumblezone_icy_blue_string_curtain, #8dd9e7
bumblezone_icy_blue_super_candle_base, #98faff
bumblezone_lavender_string_curtain, #d293e7
bumblezone_lavender_super_candle_base, #eda4ff
bumblezone_maroon_string_curtain, #8e0c07
bumblezone_maroon_super_candle_base, #9b0000
bumblezone_mint_string_curtain, #87d7a8
bumblezone_mint_super_candle_base, #93f8c5
bumblezone_navy_string_curtain, #292f6b
bumblezone_navy_super_candle_base, #1e2a79
bumblezone_peach_string_curtain, #b8916c
bumblezone_peach_super_candle_base, #cca27c
bumblezone_persimmon_string_curtain, #c8461c
bumblezone_persimmon_super_candle_base, #e0461b
bumblezone_rose_string_curtain, #f02f5f
bumblezone_rose_super_candle_base, #ff2a6c
bumblezone_spring_green_string_curtain, #bbeb8d
bumblezone_spring_green_super_candle_base, #d0ffa4
bumblezone_ultramarine_string_curtain, #5b4de7
bumblezone_ultramarine_super_candle_base, #5b4eff
bumblezone_wine_string_curtain, #732657
bumblezone_wine_super_candle_base, #791f62
comforts_amber_hammock, #da862d
comforts_amber_sleeping_bag, #f28d29
comforts_aquamarine_hammock, #5e8d79
comforts_aquamarine_sleeping_bag, #4a978e
comforts_bubblegum_hammock, #f484ae
comforts_bubblegum_sleeping_bag, #ff8ad6
comforts_cherenkov_hammock, #3ea1b5
comforts_cherenkov_sleeping_bag, #1fb1de
comforts_conifer_hammock, #c8d25a
comforts_conifer_sleeping_bag, #d9f465
comforts_fluorescent_hammock, #eedda2
comforts_fluorescent_sleeping_bag, #ffffc6
comforts_honey_hammock, #fbb550
comforts_honey_sleeping_bag, #ffcd55
comforts_icy_blue_hammock, #a8ded9
comforts_icy_blue_sleeping_bag, #aeffff
comforts_lavender_hammock, #e1a1d9
comforts_lavender_sleeping_bag, #fbb2ff
comforts_maroon_hammock, #aa301b
comforts_maroon_sleeping_bag, #af190f
comforts_mint_hammock, #a2dca4
comforts_mint_sleeping_bag, #a8ffc8
comforts_navy_hammock, #524e6f
comforts_navy_sleeping_bag, #3a4180
comforts_peach_hammock, #caa170
comforts_peach_sleeping_bag, #ddb183
comforts_persimmon_hammock, #d9612d
comforts_persimmon_sleeping_bag, #f15b29
comforts_rose_hammock, #fb4e66
comforts_rose_sleeping_bag, #ff4175
comforts_spring_green_hammock, #cfed8d
comforts_spring_green_sleeping_bag, #e1ffaa
comforts_ultramarine_hammock, #7d66d9
comforts_ultramarine_sleeping_bag, #7562ff
comforts_wine_hammock, #91475e
comforts_wine_sleeping_bag, #90376b
