// Compost colors for exchangers. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
advanced_exchanger, #d2b2b4
amethyst_exchanger, #c8c6e0
basic_exchanger, #c3c6ab
bee_exchanger, #e4d6ae
conductive_exchanger, #e8c5b8
copper_alloy_exchanger, #e4c89e
copper_exchanger, #d9c9c6
creative_exchanger, #beb2be
crude_steel_exchanger, #937872
crystalline_exchanger, #84b2ac
dark_steel_exchanger, #bbc9c5
diamond_exchanger, #c2f4eb
eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier1, #dabebe
eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier2, #d4e1e0
eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier3, #bfd4d3
eio_exchanger_core_tier1, #ffffff
eio_exchanger_core_tier2, #ffffff
eio_exchanger_core_tier3, #ffffff
elite_exchanger, #abcfd0
emerald_exchanger, #abe6bf
end_exchanger, #daddd7
end_steel_exchanger, #deebd7
energetic_exchanger, #d7d7bf
energetic_silver_exchanger, #96898e
exchanger_core_tier1, #ffffff
exchanger_core_tier2, #ffffff
exchanger_core_tier3, #ffffff
golden_exchanger, #eaeac2
hardened_exchanger, #d6cdc9
hv_exchanger, #b4bbb2
ie_exchanger_core_tier1, #ffffff
ie_exchanger_core_tier2, #ffffff
ie_exchanger_core_tier3, #ffffff
iron_exchanger, #e3edf2
leadstone_exchanger, #c8bfc9
lv_exchanger, #edbea1
mekanism_exchanger_core_tier1, #ffffff
mekanism_exchanger_core_tier2, #ffffff
mekanism_exchanger_core_tier3, #ffffff
melodic_exchanger, #6b6e7c
mv_exchanger, #ebe1c8
netherite_exchanger, #b5bebb
obsidian_exchanger, #a4acac
pulsating_exchanger, #a5dcc0
reinforced_exchanger, #eeeec5
resonant_exchanger, #a8d7d9
signalum_exchanger, #ddd2c2
stellar_exchanger, #839890
stone_exchanger, #d4c5c3
thermal_exchanger_core_tier1, #ffffff
thermal_exchanger_core_tier2, #ffffff
thermal_exchanger_core_tier3, #ffffff
tuberous_exchanger, #e7dac3
ultimate_exchanger, #cdaecc
vibrant_exchanger, #d4e8c2
vivid_exchanger, #579ba5
wooden_exchanger, #cfb8ac
