// Compost colors for fairylights. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
candle_lantern, #666969
candle_lantern_light, #5c5c5e
fairy_light, #ffffff
flower_light, #ffffff
garland, #752f12
ghost_light, #484848
hanging_lights, #797979
heart_light, #ffffff
icicle_lights, #969696
incandescent_light, #ffffff
jack_o_lantern, #ffffff
letter_bunting, #ffffff
meteor_light, #ffffff
moon_light, #ffffff
oil_lantern, #ffffff
oil_lantern_light, #98917c
orb_lantern, #ffffff
paper_lantern, #ffffc0
pennant_bunting, #ffffff
skull_light, #ffffff
snowflake_light, #ffffff
spearhead_pennant, #ffffff
spider_light, #ffffff
square_pennant, #ffffff
star_light, #ffffff
swallowtail_pennant, #ffffff
tinsel, #ffffff
triangle_pennant, #ffffff
witch_light, #ffffff
