// Compost colors for floralis. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
black_cactus, #fffffc
black_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
black_flower, #ffffff
black_flower_seeds, #ffffff
black_petals, #ffffff
blue_cactus, #ffffff
blue_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
blue_flower, #ffffff
blue_flower_seeds, #ffffff
blue_petals, #ffffff
brown_cactus, #fffffe
brown_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
brown_flower, #ffffff
brown_flower_seeds, #ffffff
brown_petals, #ffffff
cyan_cactus, #ffffff
cyan_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
cyan_flower, #ffffff
cyan_flower_seeds, #ffffff
cyan_petals, #ffffff
gray_cactus, #ffffff
gray_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
gray_flower, #ffffff
gray_flower_seeds, #ffffff
gray_petals, #ffffff
green_cactus, #fffffc
green_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
green_flower, #ffffff
green_flower_seeds, #ffffff
green_petals, #ffffff
light_blue_cactus, #ffffff
light_blue_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
light_blue_flower, #ffffff
light_blue_flower_seeds, #ffffff
light_blue_petals, #ffffff
light_gray_cactus, #ffffff
light_gray_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
light_gray_flower, #ffffff
light_gray_flower_seeds, #ffffff
light_gray_petals, #ffffff
lime_cactus, #ffffff
lime_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
lime_flower, #ffffff
lime_flower_seeds, #ffffff
lime_petals, #ffffff
magenta_cactus, #ffffff
magenta_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
magenta_flower, #ffffff
magenta_flower_seeds, #ffffff
magenta_petals, #ffffff
orange_cactus, #fffffc
orange_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
orange_flower, #ffffff
orange_flower_seeds, #ffffff
orange_petals, #ffffff
pink_cactus, #ffffff
pink_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
pink_flower, #ffffff
pink_flower_seeds, #ffffff
pink_petals, #ffffff
plant_fibers, #fffffa
purple_cactus, #ffffff
purple_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
purple_flower, #ffffff
purple_flower_seeds, #ffffff
purple_petals, #ffffff
red_cactus, #ffffff
red_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
red_flower, #ffffff
red_flower_seeds, #ffffff
red_petals, #ffffff
white_cactus, #ffffff
white_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
white_flower, #ffffff
white_flower_seeds, #ffffff
white_petals, #ffffff
yellow_cactus, #ffffff
yellow_cactus_seeds, #ffffff
yellow_flower, #ffffff
yellow_flower_seeds, #ffffff
yellow_petals, #ffffff
