// Compost colors for glassify. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
blackfabricroll, #232323
blackglassshardlarge, #323232
blackglassshardsmall, #333333
blackheartglasspane, #464646
blacknormalglasspane, #161616
blackrainbowglasspane, #bba8d7
blasksglasspane, #333333
bluefabricroll, #98abff
blueglassshardsmall, #3761ff
blueheartglasspane, #5779ff
bluenormalglasspane, #4d72ff
bluerainbowglasspane, #bfb6ff
bluesglasspane, #5168ca
bluesglassshardlarge, #3c68ff
brightpinkdye, #ff70bc
brightpinkglasspane, #e40052
brightpinkglassshardlarge, #ff66b4
brightpinkglassshardsmall, #ff66b2
brightpinkheartglasspane, #ff4eaa
brightpinknormalglasspane, #a81c6c
brightpinkrainbowglasspane, #e4a0e1
brightpinksglasspan, #e4407c
brownfabricroll, #b2875f
brownglassshardlarge, #b4865a
brownglassshardsmall, #b5875a
brownheartglasspane, #724622
brownnormalglasspane, #341f08
brownrainbowglasspane, #d6bbe1
brownsglasspane, #6e4b2a
burntochrebrowndye, #703d0c
burntochrebrownglasspane, #803900
burntochrebrownrainbowglasspane, #d0aed0
burntochreglassshardlarge, #693200
burntochreglassshardsmall, #6b3200
burntochreheartglasspane, #8d3e00
burntochresglasspane, #7c4a12
cyanfabricroll, #aad9f1
cyanglassshardlarge, #c6ffff
cyanglassshardsmall, #cfffff
cyanheartglasspane, #9effff
cyannormalglasspane, #186990
cyanrainbowglasspane, #bbcafa
cyansglasspane, #6898b2
darkbluedye, #1520b1
darkbluefabricroll, #2a36c6
darkblueglasspane, #86c
darkblueglassshardlarge, #cb5
darkblueglassshardsmall, #caa
darkblueheartglasspane, #253080
darkbluenormalglasspane, #191c90
darkbluerainbowglasspane, #b2a2ea
darkbluesglasspane, #12297c
darkgreendye, #25b41f
darkgreenglasspane, #f9700
darkgreenglassshardlarge, #b800
darkgreenglassshardsmall, #b900
darkgreenheartglasspane, #32ac15
darkgreennormalglasspane, #158315
darkgreenrainbowglasspane, #b5c3cf
darkgreensglasspane, #127c30
darkgreynormalglasspane, #5a5a5a
darklimedye, #65bc00
darklimeglasspane, #76c800
darklimeglassshardlarge, #58dd00
darklimeglassshardsmall, #5ade00
darklimeheartglasspane, #62bb07
darklimenormalglasspane, #549d00
darklimerainbowglasspane, #cdcfcf
darklimesglasspane, #66ac00
darkpurpledye, #6f19bb
darkpurpleglasspane, #3e0489
darkpurpleglassshardlarge, #700f90
darkpurpleglassshardsmall, #720f91
darkpurpleheartglasspane, #511b76
darkpurplenormalglasspane, #471890
darkpurplerainbowglasspane, #c8a1f1
darkpurplesglasspane, #64127c
darkreddye, #a51f25
darkredglasspane, #540005
darkredglassshardlarge, #ac1c29
darkredglassshardsmall, #ae1c2a
darkredheartglasspane, #802532
darkrednormalglasspane, #691116
darkredrainbowglasspane, #c8a0d0
darkredsglasspane, #7c1214
emeraldgreendye, #47804
emeraldgreenglasspane, #3204
emeraldgreenglassshardlarge, #6100
emeraldgreenglassshardsmall, #6200
emeraldgreenheartglasspane, #86604
emeraldgreennormalglasspane, #84a05
emeraldgreenrainbowglasspane, #b2b2d0
emeraldgreensglasspane, #3704
glassshardlarge, #edffff
glassshardsmall, #f0ffff
goldcurtainrod, #d7af00
golddye, #c9a107
goldfabricroll, #d7bc47
goldglasspane, #d2a400
goldglassshardlarge, #ffea00
goldglassshardsmall, #ffed00
goldheartglasspane, #ffdd18
goldnormalglasspane, #696111
goldsglasspane, #846f12
greenfabricroll, #b1d36c
greenglassshardlarge, #5c9400
greenglassshardsmall, #5e9600
greenheartglasspane, #5c8404
greennormalglasspane, #5a6f2c
greenrainbowglasspane, #d6cde1
greensglasspane, #627c12
greyglassshardlarge, #a8a8a8
greyglassshardsmall, #aaaaaa
greyheartglasspane, #767676
greyrainbowglasspane, #cdbbea
greysglasspane, #5e5e5e
heartglasspane, #cfffff
indigodye, #8c7aff
indigofabricroll, #b6abff
indigoglasspane, #6955ff
indigoglassshardlarge, #c8bfff
indigoglassshardsmall, #cac2ff
indigoheartglasspane, #c3b4ff
indigonormalglasspane, #441890
indigosglasspane, #47127c
lavenderdye, #c383ff
lavenderglasspane, #a26cff
lavenderglassshardlarge, #dc83ff
lavenderglassshardsmall, #dd86ff
lavenderheartglasspane, #eac6ff
lavendernormalglasspane, #c689da
lavendersglasspane, #9779d2
lightbluefabricroll, #b2d9ff
lightblueglassshardlarge, #a4fbff
lightblueglassshardsmall, #a7fcff
lightblueheartglasspane, #b4feff
lightbluenormalglasspane, #8997da
lightbluerainbowglasspane, #d6d6ff
lightbluesglasspane, #783d9
lightgreendye, #50fb64
lightgreenglasspane, #48ff62
lightgreenglassshardlarge, #a0ffb4
lightgreenglassshardsmall, #75ff8d
lightgreenheartglasspane, #4aff64
lightgreennormalglasspane, #68ff7f
lightgreensglasspane, #55cd66
lightgreyglassshardlarge, #ffffff
lightgreyglassshardsmall, #ffffff
lightgreyheartglasspane, #ffffff
lightgreynormalglasspane, #b2b2b2
lightgreyrainbowglasspane, #e8d6ff
lightgreysglasspane, #cacaca
lightmintdye, #8affde
lightmintglassshardlarge, #bbffff
lightmintglassshardsmall, #9efff7
lightmintheartglasspane, #8dfff4
lightmintnormalglasspane, #75eec5
lightmintpane, #62ffd4
lightmintsglasspane, #84e6d2
lilacdye, #da93ff
lilacglasspane, #c869ff
lilacglassshardlarge, #d98eff
lilacglassshardsmall, #da91ff
lilacheartglasspane, #ffc5ff
lilacnormalglasspane, #a589da
lilacsglasspane, #b17ae4
limegreenglassshardlarge, #87ff00
limegreenglassshardsmall, #89ff00
limeheartglasspane, #8cf51f
limenormalglasspane, #18905f
limerainbowglasspane, #dce6d3
limesglasspane, #98e337
magentafabricroll, #ff91ff
magentaglassshardlarge, #ffb9ff
magentaglassshardsmall, #ffbcff
magentarainbowglasspane, #eeb6ff
magentasglasspane, #7c1251
mintdye, #4ac89e
mintglasspane, #39c596
mintglassshardlarge, #3affc2
mintglassshardsmall, #36f8b8
mintgreenfabricroll, #52c8a0
mintheartglasspane, #4bffc5
mintnormalglasspane, #cc89e
mintsglasspane, #127c5e
moon_charge, #afafa5
moon_stone_raw, #d6d9e6
moon_stone_sword, #b9c3dd
moon_wand_green, #93af7f
moon_wand_violet, #948da1
moonwandblue, #8c96a4
normalglasspane, #f7ffff
orangefabricroll, #ffd675
orangeglassshardlarge, #ffaa4a
orangeglassshardsmall, #ffab4d
orangeheartglasspane, #ffa24e
orangenormalglasspane, #a8681c
orangerainbowglasspane, #e1b6d7
orangesglasspane, #d37f37
pinkfabricroll, #ffe8ff
pinkglassshardlarge, #fffeff
pinkglassshardsmall, #ffffff
pinkheartglasspane, #ffffff
pinknormalglasspane, #da89b8
pinkrainbowglasspane, #edc8ff
pinksglasspane, #e684b4
prism, #c6afda
purplefabricroll, #d37dff
purpleglassshardlarge, #a554e6
purpleglassshardsmall, #a855ea
purpleheartglasspane, #ffb4ff
purplenormalglasspane, #934acd
purplerainbowglasspane, #d3acff
purplesglasspane, #9a64c6
rainbowglasspane, #f0ebff
redfabricroll, #ea7070
redglassshardlarge, #ff4a5e
redglassshardsmall, #ff4d61
redheartglasspane, #ff4e5c
rednormalglasspane, #a81e25
redorangedye, #bb4e25
redorangeglasspane, #dd4816
redorangeglassshardlarge, #f04e16
redorangeglassshardsmall, #e14a15
redorangeheartglasspane, #ff8451
redorangenormalglasspane, #a8461c
redorangesglasspane, #b24112
redrainbowglasspane, #d6a4d4
redsglasspane, #bf1818
sglasspane, #ffffff
sky_glass_light_blue_pane_01, #90aac9
skyglassdarkbluepane_01, #686f8e
skyglassdarkbluepane_02, #686f8e
skyglassdarkbluepane_03, #25336b
skyglassdarkbluepane_04, #162665
skyglassdarkbluepane_05, #1f2d68
skyglassdarkbluepane_06, #1f2d68
skyglassdarkbluepane_07, #1f2d68
skyglassdarkbluepane_08, #25336b
skyglassdarkbluepane_09, #162665
skyglasspinkpane_01, #c294b1
skyglasspinkpane_02, #c294b1
skyglasspinkpane_03, #aa5a8c
skyglasspinkpane_04, #a74d84
skyglasspinkpane_05, #a85589
skyglasspinkpane_06, #a85489
skyglasspinkpane_07, #a85489
skyglasspinkpane_08, #aa5a8c
skyglasspinkpane_09, #a74d84
skyglasspurplepane_01, #937da5
skyglasspurplepane_02, #937da5
skyglasspurplepane_03, #724d90
skyglasspurplepane_04, #6b418e
skyglasspurplepane_05, #6f488e
skyglasspurplepane_06, #6f478e
skyglasspurplepane_07, #6f478e
skyglasspurplepane_08, #724d90
skyglasspurplepane_09, #6b418e
tealdye, #439794
tealgalssshardsmall, #4837d
tealglasspane, #338e8e
tealglassshardlarge, #4827c
tealheartglasspane, #3da5a5
tealnormalglasspane, #11977a
tealsglasspane, #114a4a
turcoisedye, #47cfdd
turcoiseglasspane, #49bae
turcoiseglassshardlarge, #48291
turcoiseglassshardsmall, #48393
turcoiseheartglasspane, #2ad6eb
turcoisenormalglasspane, #188390
turcoisesglasspane, #126b7c
whitefabricroll, #e4e4e4
whiteglassshardlarge, #ffffff
whiteglassshardsmall, #ffffff
whiteheartglasspane, #ffffff
whitenormalglasspane, #ffffff
whiterainbowglasspane, #fff1ff
whitesglasspane, #ffffff
yellowglassshardlarge, #ffff8e
yellowglassshardsmall, #ffff93
yellowgreendye, #f2f844
yellowgreenglasspane, #ffff29
yellowgreenglassshardlarge, #f4ff2a
yellowgreenglassshardsmall, #f5ff2c
yellowgreenheartglasspane, #ffff11
yellowgreennormalglasspane, #789018
yellowgreensglasspane, #919319
yellowheartglasspane, #ffff8c
yellownormalglasspane, #a7a51c
yelloworangedye, #ffdd66
yelloworangeglasspane, #ffcf37
yelloworangeglassshardlarge, #ffbe39
yelloworangeglassshardsmall, #ffbf39
yelloworangeheartglasspane, #ffe14d
yelloworangenormalglasspane, #b9892a
yelloworangesglasspane, #d9a755
yellowrainbowglasspane, #ebdad3
yellowsglasspane, #bbaa16
