// Compost colors for growable_ores. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
ad_mars_ore_ostrum_cane, #ffffe3
ad_moon_ice_shard_ore_cane, #edffff
ad_moon_ore_cheese_cane, #ffffe4
ad_moon_ore_desh_cane, #ffffee
ad_venus_calorite_ore_cane, #ffffdc
blaze_rod_cane, #ffffb8
bone_cane, #ffffff
bop_rose_quartz_chunk_cane, #fff0eb
c_andesite_alloy_cane, #ffffff
c_brass_ingot_cane, #fffffb
c_polished_rose_quartz_cane, #ffffff
c_zinc_ore_cane, #ffffff
certus_quartz_crystal_cane, #ffffff
clay_cane, #ffffff
coal_cane, #dce1d2
copper_cane, #fffff5
crystal_blazing_cane, #f2f4c6
crystal_niotic_cane, #d3f7ea
crystal_nitro_cane, #eeddca
crystal_spirited_cane, #c9e8bf
de_awakened_draconium_ingot_cane, #ffffb6
de_draconium_ingot_cane, #fffbff
diamond_cane, #ffffff
egg_cane, #ffffff
emerald_cane, #fcffff
ender_core_cane, #47aa7d
ender_pearl_cane, #4dd2a8
feather_cane, #ffffff
fluix_crystal_cane, #ffffff
galo_allurite_shard_cane, #c8ffff
galo_lumiere_shard_cane, #ffffc5
galo_silver_ingot_cane, #ffffff
glowstone_cane, #ffffd7
gobber_end_gobber_ingot_cane, #c9ffff
gobber_gobber_ingot_cane, #e6ffff
gobber_nether_gobber_ingot_cane, #ffdee3
gold_cane, #fffff2
gtm_aluminium_ingot_cane, #f7ffff
gtm_americium_ingot_cane, #bffce6
gtm_annealed_copper_ingot_cane, #ffffdd
gtm_antimony_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_battery_alloy_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_beryllium_ingot_cane, #ddffc8
gtm_bismuth_bronze_ingot_cane, #ffffcf
gtm_bismuth_ingot_cane, #eaffff
gtm_black_bronze_ingot_cane, #f5eed6
gtm_brass_ingot_cane, #ffffdc
gtm_bronze_ingot_cane, #ffffcf
gtm_chromium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_cobalt_ingot_cane, #fefeff
gtm_cupronickel_ingot_cane, #fffcc5
gtm_darmstadtium_ingot_cane, #ddfedd
gtm_duranium_ingot_cane, #fffff4
gtm_electrum_ingot_cane, #ffffed
gtm_enriched_naquadah_trinium_europium_duranide_ingot_cane, #fbf7e3
gtm_epoxy_ingot_cane, #ffffea
gtm_europium_ingot_cane, #e6f1c6
gtm_exquisite_almandine_cane, #f5bbae
gtm_exquisite_amethyst_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_andradite_cane, #ffffb9
gtm_exquisite_apatite_cane, #afffff
gtm_exquisite_blue_topaz_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_certus_quartz_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_cinnabar_cane, #ffc3c6
gtm_exquisite_coal_cane, #d9e8d9
gtm_exquisite_coke_cane, #d9e8d9
gtm_exquisite_diamond_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_emerald_cane, #afffb5
gtm_exquisite_glass_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_green_sapphire_cane, #eafff4
gtm_exquisite_grossular_cane, #ffffe4
gtm_exquisite_lapis_cane, #fcffff
gtm_exquisite_lazurite_cane, #c9d7ff
gtm_exquisite_malachite_cane, #acfffb
gtm_exquisite_monazite_cane, #ffffee
gtm_exquisite_nether_quartz_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_olivine_cane, #f1ffa5
gtm_exquisite_opal_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_pyrope_cane, #ffbecf
gtm_exquisite_quartzite_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_realgar_cane, #ffc9bb
gtm_exquisite_red_garnet_cane, #ffb6aa
gtm_exquisite_rock_salt_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_ruby_cane, #ffb9c2
gtm_exquisite_rutile_cane, #ebc5b1
gtm_exquisite_salt_cane, #ffffff
gtm_exquisite_sapphire_cane, #c6c9ff
gtm_exquisite_sodalite_cane, #d4d6ff
gtm_exquisite_spessartine_cane, #ffffbc
gtm_exquisite_uvarovite_cane, #afffd2
gtm_exquisite_yellow_garnet_cane, #ffffb1
gtm_gallium_arsenide_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_gallium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_graphene_ingot_cane, #f1f5ea
gtm_indium_gallium_phosphide_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_indium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_indium_tin_barium_titanium_cuprate_ingot_cane, #e8e1c9
gtm_invar_ingot_cane, #eaf5eb
gtm_iridium_ingot_cane, #fffffa
gtm_lead_ingot_cane, #f2f0f0
gtm_magnalium_ingot_cane, #eefcff
gtm_magnesium_diboride_ingot_cane, #e0d0b4
gtm_magnetic_iron_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_magnetic_neodymium_ingot_cane, #ead9de
gtm_magnetic_samarium_ingot_cane, #e7e6d9
gtm_manganese_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_manganese_phosphide_ingot_cane, #faf0b9
gtm_mercury_barium_calcium_cuprate_ingot_cane, #e8f0e3
gtm_molybdenum_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_naquadah_ingot_cane, #cad2c5
gtm_naquadria_ingot_cane, #c2c8bb
gtm_neodymium_ingot_cane, #dddcd3
gtm_neutronium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_nichrome_ingot_cane, #edf1e7
gtm_nickel_ingot_cane, #e6f4e8
gtm_nickel_zinc_ferrite_ingot_cane, #d7cabb
gtm_niobium_ingot_cane, #e7fced
gtm_niobium_nitride_ingot_cane, #f2f8f0
gtm_niobium_titanium_ingot_cane, #f4fcf8
gtm_osmiridium_ingot_cane, #f8fafb
gtm_osmium_ingot_cane, #e7ffff
gtm_palladium_ingot_cane, #fefff8
gtm_platinum_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_plutonium_241_ingot_cane, #ffe4d6
gtm_plutonium_ingot_cane, #ffc6b9
gtm_polybenzimidazole_ingot_cane, #d4d9c9
gtm_polycaprolactam_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_polyethylene_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_polyphenylene_sulfide_ingot_cane, #d2d7ca
gtm_polytetrafluoroethylene_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_polyvinyl_chloride_ingot_cane, #fff4d2
gtm_raw_rubber_ingot_cane, #e1e4cc
gtm_reinforced_epoxy_resin_ingot_cane, #f4fff5
gtm_rhodium_ingot_cane, #ffe0ff
gtm_riched_naquadah_ingot_cane, #c8d3c0
gtm_rose_gold_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_rubber_ingot_cane, #c9cfbc
gtm_ruridit_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_ruthenium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_ruthenium_trinium_americium_neutronate_ingot_cane, #f2eddd
gtm_samarium_ingot_cane, #ebffee
gtm_samarium_iron_arsenic_oxide_ingot_cane, #f7bef1
gtm_silicon_ingot_cane, #d2ddd9
gtm_silicone_rubber_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_silver_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_soldering_alloy_ingot_cane, #f7fef5
gtm_stainless_steel_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_steel_ingot_cane, #e4ebe4
gtm_sterling_silver_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_styrene_butadiene_rubber_ingot_cane, #d0d4c6
gtm_tantalum_ingot_cane, #d4e0e1
gtm_thorium_ingot_cane, #ccd4c2
gtm_tin_alloy_ingot_cane, #fffffc
gtm_tin_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_titanium_ingot_cane, #ffffff
gtm_trinium_ingot_cane, #f7f8fc
gtm_tritanium_ingot_cane, #eecfcc
gtm_tungsten_carbide_ingot_cane, #d6d7d6
gtm_tungsten_ingot_cane, #cdd3be
gtm_ultimet_ingot_cane, #faffff
gtm_uranium_235_ingot_cane, #b8ffb2
gtm_uranium_ingot_cane, #b4fcae
gtm_uranium_rhodium_dinaquadide_ingot_cane, #c9cdc2
gtm_uranium_triplatinum_ingot_cane, #c5e4bf
gtm_vanadium_gallium_ingot_cane, #e7ffff
gtm_vanadium_ingot_cane, #d6d9cf
gtm_wrought_iron_ingot_cane, #e4ded0
gtm_yttrium_barium_cuprate_ingot_cane, #d9d4cf
gtm_yttrium_ingot_cane, #d3dcc6
gtm_zinc_ingot_cane, #e4edea
iron_cane, #ffffff
lapis_cane, #f0ffff
maa_awakened_draconium_essence_cane, #fff4b8
maa_dragon_egg_essence_cane, #d0cccc
maa_insanium_essence_cane, #d7b5f1
maa_insanium_ingot_cane, #e1b5ff
maa_nether_star_essence_cane, #ffffff
maa_neutronium_essence_cane, #d9e0dc
maa_nitro_crystal_essence_cane, #ffccbf
mac_imperium_ingot_cane, #b4f0ff
mac_inferium_ingot_cane, #e8ffa5
mac_prosperity_ingot_cane, #ffffff
mac_prudentium_ingot_cane, #aeffb1
mac_soulium_ingot_cane, #eedcc5
mac_supremium_ingot_cane, #ffc2b5
mac_tertium_ingot_cane, #ffe1b5
mek_bronze_cane, #ffffed
mek_fluorite_cane, #ffffff
mek_lead_cane, #ebf2e8
mek_osmium_cane, #fcfffb
mek_refined_glowstone_cane, #fffff7
mek_refined_obsidian_cane, #fff1ff
mek_steel_cane, #fffff8
mek_tin_cane, #fffffa
mek_uranium_cane, #ebffe6
nether_quartz_cane, #ffeddd
nether_star_cane, #ffffff
netherite_ingot_cane, #845834
rc_brass_ingot_cane, #ffffa5
rc_bronze_ingot_cane, #ffd9a5
rc_charcoal_dust_cane, #d3d9cc
rc_coal_dust_cane, #c6ccc0
rc_ender_dust_cane, #cde6d6
rc_invar_ingot_cane, #ffffff
rc_lead_ingot_cane, #ffffff
rc_nickel_ingot_cane, #ffffd9
rc_obsidian_dust_cane, #d0d7e4
rc_saltpeter_dust_cane, #ffffff
rc_silver_ingot_cane, #ffffff
rc_steel_ingot_cane, #eaf0e4
rc_sulfur_dust_cane, #fffffb
rc_tin_ingot_cane, #ffffff
rc_zinc_ingot_cane, #ffffff
redstone_cane, #fffff4
rft_dimensional_shard_cane, #ffffff
slime_cane, #f7ffed
steel_energized_cane, #ffffdd
tc_amethyst_bronze_ingot_cane, #ffffff
tc_blazing_bone_cane, #ffffa7
tc_cheese_ingot_cane, #ffffcf
tc_cobalt_ingot_cane, #c0eaff
tc_earth_slime_crystal_cane, #daffcf
tc_ender_slime_crystal_cane, #f7e0ff
tc_hepatizon_ingot_cane, #d9cddc
tc_ichor_slime_crystal_cane, #ffe3b5
tc_knightslime_ingot_cane, #ffedff
tc_manyullyn_ingot_cane, #ffe4ff
tc_modifier_crystal_cane, #f4faee
tc_necronium_bone_cane, #feffea
tc_necrotic_bone_cane, #f5f5f5
tc_queens_slime_ingot_cane, #d7ffaa
tc_rose_gold_ingot_cane, #ffffff
tc_sky_slime_crystal_cane, #daffff
tc_slimesteel_ingot_cane, #f4ffff
tc_soulsteel_ingot_cane, #e0fff1
tf_apatite_ore_cane, #f2ffff
tf_cinnabar_ore_cane, #fffbf1
tf_copper_ore_cane, #ffffed
tf_lead_ore_cane, #f8fffb
tf_nickel_ore_cane, #ffffff
tf_niter_ore_cane, #ffffff
tf_ruby_ore_cane, #fff4e7
tf_sapphire_ore_cane, #e6ffff
tf_silver_ore_cane, #ffffff
tf_sulfur_ore_cane, #fffffa
tf_tin_ore_cane, #ffffff
uraninite_ore_dense_cane, #ccf8bb
wool_cane, #ffffff
