// Compost colors for irons_spellbooks. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
amethyst_resonance_charm, #dec9cc
ancient_knowledge_fragment, #ffffff
arcane_essence, #ffffff
arcane_ingot, #def0ff
arcane_rune, #8a9aac
arcane_salvage, #ffffff
archevoker_boots, #ffffff
archevoker_chestplate, #cdc5aa
archevoker_helmet, #afa89d
archevoker_leggings, #fefaf1
autoloader_crossbow, #947865
blank_rune, #908e8a
blood_rune, #b1908d
blood_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
blood_vial, #fff2f8
cast_time_ring, #ffdcd4
cinder_essence, #fbe8e3
common_ink, #b4b9b4
concentration_amulet, #ffffff
conjurers_talisman, #eee7e6
cooldown_ring, #ffebd9
cooldown_rune, #a1979d
cooldown_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
cryomancer_boots, #f8fbfa
cryomancer_chestplate, #edfbfa
cryomancer_helmet, #ffffff
cryomancer_leggings, #f7fcfc
cultist_boots, #ffffff
cultist_chestplate, #c2b8ae
cultist_helmet, #fef7f4
cultist_leggings, #f0e8e7
divine_pearl, #ffffff
dragonskin, #e1e0e3
eldritch_manuscript, #ffffff
electromancer_boots, #ffffff
electromancer_chestplate, #f1ebeb
electromancer_helmet, #cdd0dc
electromancer_leggings, #fefbfb
emerald_stoneplate_ring, #ffffbc
ender_rune, #c878f0
ender_upgrade_orb, #d2c9cf
energized_core, #e1937d
epic_ink, #ffd0e3
evasion_elixir, #ffffff
evocation_rune, #8ab68c
evocation_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
fire_ale, #ffffff
fire_rune, #c2a290
fire_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
fireward_ring, #ffd4af
frosted_helve, #ffffff
frostward_ring, #f1feff
frozen_bone, #ffffff
furled_map, #ffffe3
gold_crown, #ffffff
greater_evasion_elixir, #ffffff
greater_healing_potion, #ffffff
greater_invisibility_elixir, #ffffff
greater_oakskin_elixir, #ffffff
heavy_chain_necklace, #b4b8c3
hither_thither_wand, #ffffff
hogskin, #fff0e4
holy_rune, #b1aa90
holy_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
ice_rune, #96b4b2
ice_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
invisibility_elixir, #ffffff
invisibility_ring, #ffffff
legendary_ink, #ffd490
legendary_spell_book, #e1c8b1
lesser_spell_slot_upgrade, #cf6648
lightning_bottle, #ffffff
lightning_rune, #9690b2
lightning_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
lurker_ring, #f5ded3
magic_cloth, #d3fcff
mana_ring, #e7ffff
mana_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
nature_rune, #98ae83
nature_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
netherite_mage_boots, #e8e0e0
netherite_mage_chestplate, #7c6466
netherite_mage_helmet, #8d6c6f
netherite_mage_leggings, #ccb6b9
netherward_tincture, #ffffff
oakskin_elixir, #ffffff
permafrost_shard, #ffffff
plagued_boots, #fcf7f8
plagued_chestplate, #c0bcb1
plagued_helmet, #fffff8
plagued_leggings, #f0eae7
poisonward_ring, #b4b5a1
priest_boots, #ffc330
priest_chestplate, #ffe3a0
priest_helmet, #ffff79
priest_leggings, #f0d0ac
protection_rune, #aeae96
protection_upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
pumpkin_boots, #fffbf5
pumpkin_chestplate, #beaea7
pumpkin_helmet, #aa9b8d
pumpkin_leggings, #eeeae8
pyromancer_boots, #ffffff
pyromancer_chestplate, #87544d
pyromancer_helmet, #898989
pyromancer_leggings, #f2e6e8
rare_ink, #9bacaf
ruined_book, #87a09d
scroll, #fbe7bb
shadowwalker_boots, #dadad9
shadowwalker_chestplate, #9e9ba0
shadowwalker_helmet, #e7e7e7
shadowwalker_leggings, #e1dce3
shriving_stone, #f7ebf5
silver_ring, #ffffff
tarnished_helmet, #ffffff
uncommon_ink, #9da187
upgrade_orb, #b9b9bc
wandering_magician_boots, #ffffff
wandering_magician_chestplate, #dad2cf
wandering_magician_helmet, #f7fbff
wandering_magician_leggings, #faeeeb
wayward_compass, #c2cccc
weapon_parts, #8da5d6
wimpy_spell_book, #e1c8b1
