// Compost colors for mekanism_extras. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
absolute_control_circuit, #e6e683
absolute_tier_installer, #ffffff
alloy_radiance, #ffffcc
alloy_shining, #ffffff
alloy_spectrum, #ffffff
alloy_thermonuclear, #ffd2d3
clump_naquadah, #b9cfb6
cosmic_control_circuit, #ffe8ff
cosmic_tier_installer, #ffffff
crystal_naquadah, #ffffff
dirty_dust_naquadah, #ebf2ea
dust_naquadah, #eaf5e8
dust_radiance, #ffffe4
enriched_lead, #f7ffff
enriched_radiance, #ffffdd
enriched_shining, #ffffff
enriched_spectrum, #ffffff
enriched_thermonuclear, #ffd4d6
infinite_control_circuit, #e0c3b9
infinite_tier_installer, #ffffff
ingot_naquadah, #98a597
qio_drive_black_hole, #fff2f4
qio_drive_collapse, #ffebcc
qio_drive_gamma, #ffe4da
qio_drive_singularity, #fff0e1
raw_naquadah, #94a193
shard_naquadah, #feffff
supreme_control_circuit, #fa797a
supreme_tier_installer, #ffffff
