// Compost colors for metalbarrels. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
copper_to_crystal, #fff4de
copper_to_diamond, #fff4de
copper_to_gold, #fff4de
copper_to_iron, #fff4de
copper_to_netherite, #fff4de
copper_to_obsidian, #fff4de
copper_to_silver, #fff4de
diamond_to_crystal, #f2ffff
diamond_to_netherite, #f2ffff
diamond_to_obsidian, #f2ffff
gold_to_crystal, #ffffe7
gold_to_diamond, #ffffe7
gold_to_netherite, #ffffe7
gold_to_obsidian, #ffffe7
iron_to_crystal, #ffffff
iron_to_diamond, #ffffff
iron_to_gold, #ffffff
iron_to_netherite, #ffffff
iron_to_obsidian, #ffffff
iron_to_silver, #ffffff
obsidian_to_netherite, #d0cdd2
silver_to_crystal, #ffffff
silver_to_diamond, #ffffff
silver_to_gold, #ffffff
silver_to_netherite, #ffffff
silver_to_obsidian, #ffffff
wood_to_copper, #fffbe6
wood_to_crystal, #fffbe6
wood_to_diamond, #fffbe6
wood_to_gold, #fffbe6
wood_to_iron, #fffbe6
wood_to_netherite, #fffbe6
wood_to_obsidian, #fffbe6
wood_to_silver, #fffbe6
