// Compost colors for modularrouters. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
activator_module, #ffffff
augment_core, #ffffff
blank_module, #ffffff
blank_upgrade, #ffffff
blast_upgrade, #ffffff
breaker_module, #ffffff
bulk_item_filter, #f1ffff
camouflage_upgrade, #ffffff
creative_module, #ffffff
detector_module, #ffffff
distributor_module, #ffffff
dropper_module, #ffffff
energy_distributor_module, #ffffff
energy_output_module, #ffffff
energy_upgrade, #ffffff
extruder_module_1, #ffffff
extruder_module_2, #ffffff
fast_pickup_augment, #ffffff
filter_round_robin_augment, #ffffff
flinger_module, #ffffff
fluid_module, #ffffff
fluid_module_2, #ffffff
fluid_upgrade, #ffffff
inspection_filter, #f2ffff
mimic_augment, #ffffff
mod_filter, #f1ffff
muffler_upgrade, #ffffff
override_card, #e1f0e7
pickup_delay_augment, #ffffff
placer_module, #ffffff
player_module, #ffffff
puller_module_1, #ffffff
puller_module_2, #ffffff
pushing_augment, #ffffff
range_down_augment, #ffffff
range_up_augment, #ffffff
redstone_augment, #ffffff
regex_filter, #f1ffff
regulator_augment, #ffffff
security_upgrade, #ffffff
sender_module_1, #ffffff
sender_module_2, #ffffff
sender_module_3, #ffffff
speed_upgrade, #ffffff
stack_augment, #ffffff
stack_upgrade, #ffffff
sync_upgrade, #ffffff
tag_filter, #f2ffff
vacuum_module, #ffffff
void_module, #ffffff
xp_vacuum_augment, #ffffff
