// Compost colors for mythicbotany. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
alfheim_rune, #ffffff
alfsteel_axe, #ffed9d
alfsteel_boots, #fff5c5
alfsteel_chestplate, #dcb851
alfsteel_helmet, #fede94
alfsteel_ingot, #ffda7a
alfsteel_leggings, #fff5d0
alfsteel_nugget, #ffffff
alfsteel_pick, #ffc55f
alfsteel_sword, #d6a298
alfsteel_template, #ff8700
andwari_ring, #ffff58
aquapanthus, #edffff
asgard_rune, #ffffea
aura_ring_greatest, #fff8b1
cursed_andwari_ring, #6f7a6e
dream_cherry, #186184
exoblaze, #ffffdd
feysythia, #ffffbc
fimbultyr_tablet, #fff86f
fire_ring, #ffbcff
gjallar_horn_empty, #fff2e6
gjallar_horn_full, #fefaf0
helheim_rune, #fffffa
hellebore, #ffffff
ice_ring, #ffc2ff
joetunheim_rune, #fffff0
kvasir_blood, #ffffff
kvasir_mead, #ffffff
mana_ring_greatest, #ffffaf
midgard_rune, #faffed
muspelheim_rune, #fffff4
nidavellir_rune, #fffff7
niflheim_rune, #ffffff
petrunia, #fffab6
raindeletia, #ffffff
raw_elementium, #fea0d7
vanaheim_rune, #fffff1
wither_aconite, #3e471f
