// Compost colors for pamhc2foodextended. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
aebleskiversitem, #da9d50
almondbutteritem, #feeedd
anchovypepperonipizzaitem, #fffbcd
applecideritem, #e0e0d9
applefritteritem, #eba43e
applejellysandwichitem, #fff0b2
applesnowitem, #f5827d
apricotglazedporkitem, #ff9b7c
apricotjellyitem, #ffffff
apricotjellysandwichitem, #fff1b6
apricotjellytoastitem, #ffd689
apricotjuiceitem, #dccfc9
apricotpieitem, #e3c88d
apricotsmoothieitem, #f4cfa4
apricotyogurtitem, #fffede
asparagusquicheitem, #ffed55
avocadoburritoitem, #ffffea
avocadotoastitem, #c3cf36
babaganoushitem, #ab985e
baconmushroomburgeritem, #c38034
baconpancakesitem, #fff089
baconwrappedchiliitem, #af360b
baconwrappeddatesitem, #d6945a
bakedalaskaitem, #ffffeb
bakedbeansitem, #a4612a
bakedcactusitem, #dceed3
bakedhamitem, #b98273
baklavaitem, #ffd27c
bamboosteamedriceitem, #9a7a47
bananajellyitem, #ffffff
bananajellysandwichitem, #fff1b1
bananajellytoastitem, #fce766
bananajuiceitem, #c6d2ae
banananutbreaditem, #9a6826
bananapieitem, #ddca86
bananasmoothieitem, #fae783
bananasplititem, #ffeac8
bananayogurtitem, #ffffda
bangersandmashitem, #ffffff
battenbergitem, #ffffeb
batteredsausageitem, #ffffd7
bbqchickenbiscuititem, #d48037
bbqchickenpizzaitem, #ffc683
bbqjackfruititem, #f4c0a5
bbqpotatochipsitem, #ffcf96
bbqsauceitem, #fff5e3
beanburritoitem, #ffffe8
beancornmealitem, #c3933a
beansandriceitem, #aa7041
beansontoastitem, #fbbc5a
beefwellingtonitem, #b66b1f
beetburgeritem, #cc8033
bentoboxitem, #948266
berrymeringuenestitem, #ffcadd
berryvinaigrettesaladitem, #8c793a
bibimbapitem, #908458
biscuititem, #cc8e3a
biscuitsandgravyitem, #ffffff
blackberrycobbleritem, #d0b684
blackberryjellyitem, #fffeff
blackberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe4b2
blackberryjellytoastitem, #cd8473
blackberryjuiceitem, #a298ac
blackberrypieitem, #d2b88a
blackberrysmoothieitem, #9b7a80
blackberryyogurtitem, #f8e3d3
blackpepperitem, #e8e4d9
bltitem, #af7822
blueberryjellyitem, #fbffff
blueberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe4b4
blueberryjellytoastitem, #968c8a
blueberryjuiceitem, #8c9ec3
blueberrypieitem, #cabb90
blueberrysmoothieitem, #798ec8
blueberryyogurtitem, #e8eed7
bolognaitem, #fff8de
bolognasandwichitem, #fff1b9
braisedonionsitem, #ffe752
bratwurstitem, #ffbf6c
breadedporkchopitem, #e36b0a
breadfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
breadfruitjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb4
breadfruitjellytoastitem, #cdd47a
breadfruitjuiceitem, #abc8b9
breadfruitpieitem, #d3c68a
breadfruitsmoothieitem, #9ab582
breadfruityogurtitem, #f5ffe0
breakfastburritoitem, #ffffb4
briochebunitem, #ffee9a
broccolimacitem, #a47828
broccolindipitem, #a49d69
brownieitem, #cda25f
bulgogiitem, #914818
buttertartitem, #fff070
cactusfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
cactusfruitjellysandwichitem, #ffe6b2
cactusfruitjellytoastitem, #ff8c6c
cactusfruitjuiceitem, #cc96b5
cactusfruitpieitem, #deb887
cactusfruitsmoothieitem, #c26476
cactusfruityogurtitem, #ffeddd
cactussoupitem, #725a22
californiarollitem, #ffffff
candiedgingeritem, #ffffa4
candiedlemonitem, #fff061
candiedpecansitem, #ffaa69
candiedsweetpotatoesitem, #d27c3d
candiedwalnutsitem, #ffee84
candleberryjellyitem, #feffff
candleberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe8b1
candleberryjellytoastitem, #97bf62
candleberryjuiceitem, #8db1ac
candleberrypieitem, #c9be84
candleberrysmoothieitem, #68866b
candleberryyogurtitem, #e6f7d9
candycornitem, #ffd379
cantaloupejellyitem, #ffffff
cantaloupejellysandwichitem, #ffe8b1
cantaloupejellytoastitem, #e7b164
cantaloupejuiceitem, #b2aeae
cantaloupepieitem, #d6be86
cantaloupesmoothieitem, #a2876f
cantaloupeyogurtitem, #fcf4da
cantonesegreensitem, #9ebc64
cantonesenoodlesitem, #c5a86c
capresesaladitem, #94612d
carrotjuiceitem, #ffac6b
cashewbutteritem, #fff7e4
cashewchickenitem, #d9ac76
ceasarsaladitem, #938e2f
celeryandpeanutbutteritem, #6b6f2f
cevicheitem, #ffffff
chaiteaitem, #9e704d
charsiuitem, #d26b4d
cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem, #ffe398
cheesedanishitem, #ffffb9
cheeseontoastitem, #ffd678
cheesesteakitem, #ffa218
cheesytacotortillachipsitem, #d4913c
cheezepuffsitem, #fffa82
cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem, #733e23
cherryicecreamitem, #c56f52
cherryjellyitem, #ffffff
cherryjellysandwichitem, #ffe3ae
cherryjellytoastitem, #ff8e6b
cherryjuiceitem, #bb939e
cherrypieitem, #d9b583
cherrysmoothieitem, #b66269
cherrysodaitem, #fff7ff
cherryyogurtitem, #fee7d9
chestnutbutteritem, #fbeddc
chickenalfredoitem, #eed37f
chickenandwafflesitem, #ffd96f
chickenbiscuititem, #ed9d3a
chickencelerycasseroleitem, #ae8e54
chickenchowmeinitem, #b99d54
chickencordonbleuitem, #ffffe4
chickencurryitem, #d9af82
chickengumboitem, #bb9a5f
chickenkatsuitem, #dec96f
chickennoodlesoupitem, #af834d
chickenparmasanitem, #e0b573
chickentendersitem, #ffb24d
chickentendersmealitem, #dcb682
chikorollitem, #e8b954
chilichocolateitem, #580707
chilidogitem, #ffb973
chiliitem, #914b20
chilipoppersitem, #eea848
chimichangaitem, #ffd96c
chipsanddipitem, #facf7f
chipsandsalsaitem, #f4c586
chocolatecherryitem, #96300c
chocolatechippancakesitem, #ffc850
chocolatecoconutbaritem, #835e43
chocolatemilkitem, #a8a28d
chocolatemilkshakeitem, #c6ac93
chocolateorangebiscuititem, #684a19
chocolateorangeitem, #b48d58
chocolatepeanutbaritem, #683a12
chocolatesprinklecakeitem, #76582c
chocolatestrawberryitem, #793d11
chocovoxelsitem, #ae8764
chorizoitem, #be445e
cinnamonappleoatmealitem, #f0d7ae
cinnamonbreaditem, #f2c380
cinnamonrollitem, #ffffff
cinnamonsugardonutitem, #fff0c3
cinnamontoastitem, #ffeab1
citrussaladitem, #9b831e
coffeeconlecheitem, #724422
colasodaitem, #ffffff
coleslawburgeritem, #ffeeca
coleslawitem, #bfa76f
cookedtofabbititem, #9d6e1c
cookedtofaconitem, #ddaf6c
cookedtofeakitem, #65390f
cookedtofickenitem, #cd7d19
cookedtofishitem, #ffb564
cookedtofuttonitem, #875a28
cookoutmealitem, #dea048
cornbreaditem, #ffd26c
cornchipsitem, #ffcc44
corndogitem, #e7ae66
cornedbeefandcabbageitem, #c8ac6c
cornedbeefbreakfastitem, #ffd49a
cornedbeefhashitem, #ffcf8c
cornedbeefitem, #ff8c90
cornflakesitem, #ffffff
cornishpastyitem, #ffffb8
cornmealitem, #b9a868
cornonthecobitem, #d7bc3d
cottagepieitem, #ffffff
couscousitem, #ffffc9
crackersandcheeseitem, #fff4a2
cracklinsitem, #af804e
cranberryjellyitem, #fffcff
cranberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe3b1
cranberryjellytoastitem, #e66b4a
cranberryjuiceitem, #c594a8
cranberrypieitem, #d6b282
cranberrysauceitem, #9a4025
cranberrysmoothieitem, #aa6970
cranberryyogurtitem, #ffebde
creamedbroccolisoupitem, #b1895a
creamedcornitem, #c59e64
creamofavocadosoupitem, #7c642d
creamofchickenitem, #b17c40
creamofmushroomitem, #a2764a
crispyricepuffbarsitem, #ffffde
crispyricepuffcerealitem, #c39d75
croissantitem, #ffd06e
cucumbersandwichitem, #fffcb8
curryitem, #bf9361
currypowderitem, #ffffde
custarditem, #ffffff
damperitem, #e6c99a
dandelionteaitem, #b9dc89
dangoitem, #ffffff
datejellyitem, #ffffff
datejellysandwichitem, #ffe7b6
datejellytoastitem, #f19b90
datejuiceitem, #c0a5c6
datepieitem, #dabb8e
datesmoothieitem, #c07a98
dateyogurtitem, #ffeee7
delightedmealitem, #d4aa48
deluxecheeseburgeritem, #b18329
deluxechickencurryitem, #ddc89d
deluxenachoesitem, #ffffff
deviledeggitem, #ffffff
dhalitem, #eda251
dimsumitem, #ffe4a0
dragonfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
dragonfruitjellysandwichitem, #ffe6b1
dragonfruitjellytoastitem, #ff9361
dragonfruitjuiceitem, #cca0ab
dragonfruitpieitem, #deb884
dragonfruitsmoothieitem, #d07369
dragonfruityogurtitem, #ffebd9
driedsoupitem, #ffe1dd
durianjellyitem, #ffffff
durianjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb1
durianjellytoastitem, #dae757
durianjuiceitem, #afcca8
durianpieitem, #d4c883
duriansmoothieitem, #a0b668
durianyogurtitem, #f8ffd7
earlgreyteaitem, #6f7068
ediblerootitem, #ac9461
eggnogitem, #eaf0f2
eggplantparmitem, #a05f37
eggrollitem, #f09314
eggsaladitem, #b87f28
eggsbenedictitem, #fffff4
eggtartitem, #fff279
elderberryjellyitem, #ffffff
elderberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe4b5
elderberryjellytoastitem, #be8796
elderberryjuiceitem, #9d9ac0
elderberrypieitem, #cdb68c
elderberrysmoothieitem, #7d6587
elderberryyogurtitem, #f0e7e7
enchiladaitem, #ffe483
energydrinkitem, #fcffff
epicbltitem, #e1a555
espressoitem, #987964
etonmessitem, #fec9d4
fairybreaditem, #fee0a4
fajitaburritoitem, #ffffe3
festivalbreaditem, #ffffbe
fiestacornsaladitem, #9e7c39
figbaritem, #fffbcf
figjellyitem, #ffffff
figjellysandwichitem, #ffeac0
figjellytoastitem, #eda1bf
figjuiceitem, #c9bcf2
figpieitem, #dabb9a
figsmoothieitem, #e3b8ff
figyogurtitem, #feeaff
firmtofuitem, #ffffff
fishcakesitem, #ffd447
fishdinneritem, #d7b651
fishfingersandcustarditem, #ac6f1f
fishlettucewrapitem, #759a0e
fishtacoitem, #fffffa
fivespiceitem, #ffd7a5
footlongitem, #ffb830
fortunecookieitem, #ffff64
frenchtoastitem, #fff1b4
friedbolognasandwichitem, #ffe8af
friedfeastitem, #deaf87
friedgreentomatoesitem, #83d665
friedonionsitem, #ffd66c
friedpecanokraitem, #ffffff
friedriceitem, #c29b6f
frosteddonutitem, #fffffa
fruitcakeitem, #d6bfa0
fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem, #ffffd0
futomakiitem, #a8b897
garammasalaitem, #ffffc9
gardensoupitem, #66521c
garlicbreaditem, #fff4b2
garlicchickenitem, #d69130
garlicmashedpotatoesitem, #a88457
garlicsteakitem, #c6907c
generaltsochickenitem, #d9ab7a
gherkinitem, #a0aa58
gingerchickenitem, #c2a152
gingeredrhubarbtartitem, #e3c696
gingersnapsitem, #784a25
gingersodaitem, #ffffff
gooseberryjellyitem, #ffffff
gooseberryjellysandwichitem, #fff5b1
gooseberryjellytoastitem, #ffc64e
gooseberryjuiceitem, #dad3a1
gooseberrypieitem, #e4cc8a
gooseberrysmoothieitem, #edd773
gooseberryyogurtitem, #ffffd4
gourmetbeefburgeritem, #caa247
gourmetbeefpattyitem, #c2735f
gourmetmuttonburgeritem, #d6b45b
gourmetmuttonpattyitem, #cc8476
gourmetporkburgeritem, #f2b869
gourmetporkpattyitem, #eb8986
grandmasmacaronicasseroleitem, #985e1f
grapefruitjellyitem, #ffffff
grapefruitjellysandwichitem, #ffedb2
grapefruitjellytoastitem, #ffae55
grapefruitjuiceitem, #d2bcb1
grapefruitpieitem, #dabe84
grapefruitsmoothieitem, #e0bf73
grapefruitsodaitem, #fffff8
grapefruityogurtitem, #ffffd9
grapejellyitem, #ffffff
grapejellysandwichitem, #ffe4be
grapejellytoastitem, #d47da0
grapejuiceitem, #a5a5bf
grapepieitem, #d3b58e
grapesmoothieitem, #a78abf
grapesodaitem, #fffaff
grapeyogurtitem, #fbeefa
gravyitem, #ffdcbb
greenbeancasseroleitem, #cc9d64
greeneggsandhamitem, #96a875
greengrapejellyitem, #ffffff
greengrapejellysandwichitem, #ffedb2
greengrapejellytoastitem, #b1cf6c
greengrapejuiceitem, #9bbfb2
greengrapepieitem, #cdc387
greengrapesmoothieitem, #80a278
greengrapeyogurtitem, #eefcdd
greenteaitem, #727f65
grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem, #ffe8a4
grilledskewersitem, #cdae61
gritsitem, #c9a870
groiledcheesesandwichitem, #e4ab58
groundcinnamonitem, #ffffff
groundnutmegitem, #ffffff
guacamoleitem, #7c5b29
guavajellyitem, #ffffff
guavajellysandwichitem, #ffedb2
guavajellytoastitem, #c5d46f
guavajuiceitem, #a5c3b4
guavapieitem, #d2c587
guavasmoothieitem, #91ac79
guavayogurtitem, #f4fedd
guisoitem, #cd8748
gyudonitem, #c89158
haggisitem, #d4cdb5
hamandcheesesandwichitem, #fff5b5
hamandpineapplepizzaitem, #fffbcf
hamsweetpicklesandwichitem, #fff1b9
hashitem, #ae7647
hazelnutbutteritem, #fff4e1
hazelnutchocolateitem, #ffffff
hazelnutcoffeeitem, #e1e79d
heartybreakfastitem, #a28d58
herbbutterparsnipsitem, #b49876
herbcheeseballitem, #ffffd6
hoisinsauceitem, #ffe4e4
holidaycakeitem, #feeecd
homestylelunchitem, #ebbc80
honeybunitem, #e4a72f
honeycombchocolatebaritem, #764b18
honeyglazedcarrotsitem, #ebd076
honeyglazedhamitem, #f0d290
honeylemonlambitem, #d7c278
honeysandwichitem, #fff0b1
honeysoyribsitem, #e49869
hotandsoursoupitem, #ffffff
hotdishcasseroleitem, #e69443
hotsauceitem, #ffffe7
hotwingsitem, #c25c32
huckleberryjellyitem, #ffffff
huckleberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe3b4
huckleberryjellytoastitem, #a77c86
huckleberryjuiceitem, #9396bb
huckleberrypieitem, #cab58a
huckleberrysmoothieitem, #705f7d
huckleberryyogurtitem, #d6c8d9
hummusitem, #ffffea
hushpuppiesitem, #ffffff
imagawayakiitem, #e7c380
imitationcrabsticksitem, #ffae8e
jackfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
jackfruitjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb4
jackfruitjellytoastitem, #c5d472
jackfruitjuiceitem, #a5c5b5
jackfruitpieitem, #d2c589
jackfruitsmoothieitem, #91ae7c
jackfruityogurtitem, #f4fede
jalapenoburgeritem, #b6832d
jambalayaitem, #b15b22
jellyrollitem, #aa5f44
juniperberryjellyitem, #feffff
juniperberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe6bb
juniperberryjellytoastitem, #9893bc
juniperberryjuiceitem, #90a2d9
juniperberrypieitem, #ccc09b
juniperberrysmoothieitem, #6f75b2
juniperberryyogurtitem, #e8edf2
kalechipsitem, #65a255
ketchupitem, #fff8e8
keylimepieitem, #c6aa6e
kimchiitem, #ffffff
kiwijellyitem, #ffffff
kiwijellysandwichitem, #fff7b8
kiwijellytoastitem, #e3de69
kiwijuiceitem, #c3e1c2
kiwipieitem, #d6c887
kiwismoothieitem, #b2e79e
kiwiyogurtitem, #f8ffde
kohlundpinkelitem, #b99d73
koreandinneritem, #ddb164
kungpaochickenitem, #be904e
lambbarleysoupitem, #a87346
lambkebabitem, #865b2f
lambwithmintsauceitem, #bba573
lamingtonitem, #8e7551
lasagnaitem, #ffe686
lavendershortbreaditem, #ffffff
leafychickensandwichitem, #c29834
leafyfishsandwichitem, #c3a23a
leekbaconsoupitem, #a77d4a
lemonaideitem, #dad7b9
lemonchickenitem, #dd9634
lemondrizzlecakeitem, #f7cd5c
lemonjellyitem, #ffffff
lemonjellysandwichitem, #fff2b4
lemonjellytoastitem, #ffe369
lemonjuiceitem, #dad7b9
lemonlimesodaitem, #ffffff
lemonmeringueitem, #e0cf86
lemonpieitem, #e1ca86
lemonsmoothieitem, #fffe80
lemonyogurtitem, #fbf1bf
limejellyitem, #ffffff
limejellysandwichitem, #fff4b8
limejellytoastitem, #cde18d
limejuiceitem, #aedccc
limepieitem, #d2ca8e
limesmoothieitem, #acf5cf
limeyogurtitem, #fffff5
liverandonionsitem, #ded3b9
loadedbakedpotatoitem, #b6a05f
loxbagelsandwichitem, #ffc864
lycheejellyitem, #ffffff
lycheejellysandwichitem, #ffe4b1
lycheejellytoastitem, #ff8465
lycheejuiceitem, #cf97ab
lycheepieitem, #e0b584
lycheesmoothieitem, #d9646b
lycheeyogurtitem, #ffe7da
mangochutneyitem, #fff2dd
mangojellyitem, #ffffff
mangojellysandwichitem, #ffebb8
mangojellytoastitem, #ffb490
mangojuiceitem, #d6b8cd
mangopieitem, #e0bf8e
mangosmoothieitem, #e8c3b8
mangoyogurtitem, #fffce0
manjuuitem, #ffffff
maplecandiedbaconitem, #a8572f
mapleoatmealitem, #fff8cf
maplesausageitem, #d29e52
maplesyruppancakesitem, #ffcc5a
maplesyrupwafflesitem, #ffd370
marzipanitem, #c69ea0
mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem, #ffffff
mashedsweetpotatoesitem, #94582a
mcpamitem, #b6892d
meatfeastpizzaitem, #ffeec5
meatloafsandwichitem, #f2debe
meatpieitem, #bfa56f
meatystirfryitem, #b28058
meesuaitem, #d9d987
melonjellysandwichitem, #ffe4b2
meringuebombeitem, #ffeedc
meringuebrownieitem, #cab58a
meringuecookieitem, #ffffff
meringueitem, #ffffff
meringuerouladeitem, #fffffe
merveilleuxitem, #ffffe4
mettbrotchenitem, #c28e5c
mincepieitem, #ffff87
mintchocolatechipicecreamitem, #aec090
misopasteitem, #ffd3ac
misosoupitem, #a88052
mixedflowerssaladitem, #ab7a36
mixedsaladitem, #8d8d25
mochaicecreamitem, #c59a6f
mochicakeitem, #ffffbe
mochidessertitem, #ede6c2
mochiitem, #ffffff
molasseschickenitem, #b23d00
mozzerellasticksitem, #cd842d
mulberryjellyitem, #ffffff
mulberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe4b1
mulberryjellytoastitem, #d9835c
mulberryjuiceitem, #a897aa
mulberrypieitem, #d2b584
mulberrysmoothieitem, #8d6266
mulberryyogurtitem, #f8e6d6
museliitem, #a47643
mushroomketchupitem, #ddd7d0
mushroomketchupomeletitem, #ffff57
mushroomlasagnaitem, #ffeb8c
mushroomoilitem, #fffbea
mushroomrisottoitem, #a26f44
mushroomsteakitem, #9e8455
mustarditem, #ffffe1
musubiitem, #89724d
naanitem, #fffff7
nachoesitem, #c89d2f
neapolitanicecreamitem, #c9a28a
nopalessaladitem, #fffeeb
nuttoppedicecreamitem, #daca9b
oatmealraisincookiesitem, #af8937
okrachipsitem, #7cb937
okracreoleitem, #fffffb
oldworldveggiesoupitem, #9e7648
omeletitem, #fefe47
omuriceitem, #fff56c
onigiriitem, #fffffc
onionhamburgeritem, #cf8e3c
onionringsitem, #ff8233
orangechickenitem, #daa873
orangegingerbeefitem, #918446
orangejellyitem, #ffffff
orangejellysandwichitem, #ffeeb4
orangejellytoastitem, #ffbe5a
orangejuiceitem, #e0c5b4
orangepieitem, #ddc084
orangesmoothieitem, #f7d078
orangesodaitem, #ffffff
orangeyogurtitem, #ffffda
ovenroastedcaulifloweritem, #bea775
oystersauceitem, #dad2ca
padthaiitem, #c5b265
pambitsboxitem, #fff49e
pancakesitem, #ffdc61
paneeritem, #ffffff
paneertikkamasalaitem, #ae6c28
papayajellyitem, #ffffff
papayajellysandwichitem, #fff1b8
papayajellytoastitem, #ffd387
papayajuiceitem, #d6cfcd
papayapieitem, #e0c88d
papayasmoothieitem, #eecfa2
papayayogurtitem, #ffffd7
paradiseburgeritem, #d45e5a
passionfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
passionfruitjellysandwichitem, #ffe6b5
passionfruitjellytoastitem, #b69393
passionfruitjuiceitem, #9ba0c2
passionfruitpieitem, #cdb88d
passionfruitsmoothieitem, #7d6f8a
passionfruityogurtitem, #eeeae6
pastagardeniaitem, #b99465
pavlovaitem, #ffe8bb
pawpawjellyitem, #ffffff
pawpawjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb4
pawpawjellytoastitem, #c5d379
pawpawjuiceitem, #a5c6b9
pawpawpieitem, #d2c689
pawpawsmoothieitem, #93b282
pawpawyogurtitem, #f4ffe0
peaandhamsoupitem, #b68e5a
peachcobbleritem, #e4c38c
peachesandcreamoatmealitem, #ffeab8
peachjellyitem, #ffffff
peachjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb8
peachjellytoastitem, #f5b575
peachjuiceitem, #d3c6cc
peachpieitem, #dabf87
peachsmoothieitem, #f4c5a2
peachyogurtitem, #fffed6
peanutbutterbananapancakesitem, #ffe86e
peanutbutterbananasandwichitem, #fff2b6
peanutbuttercookiesitem, #b29028
peanutbuttercupitem, #b8a482
peanutbutteritem, #fffbe8
peanutchocolatebaritem, #683a12
pearjellyitem, #c8d9cd
pearjellysandwichitem, #fff2b5
pearjellytoastitem, #e8da5c
pearjuiceitem, #c5d4bf
pearpieitem, #d6c586
pearsmoothieitem, #bfdd91
pearyogurtitem, #ffffd4
peasandceleryitem, #91723e
pecanbutteritem, #fff1de
pecanpieitem, #be9b57
pemmicanitem, #914844
peppermintitem, #d6a7a0
pepperoniitem, #ffaeae
pepperonipizzaitem, #fff5c8
pepperstirfryitem, #9d6b22
persimmonjellyitem, #ffffff
persimmonjellysandwichitem, #ffeeaf
persimmonjellytoastitem, #ffc651
persimmonjuiceitem, #ddc3aa
persimmonpieitem, #ddc283
persimmonsmoothieitem, #fec578
persimmonyogurtitem, #ffffda
phoitem, #ffe07c
pickledonionsitem, #f8f4bc
picklesitem, #bcf4aa
pinacoladaitem, #ffffe6
pineapplehamitem, #e36b0a
pineapplejellyitem, #ffffff
pineapplejellysandwichitem, #ffeaaf
pineapplejellytoastitem, #eec554
pineapplejuiceitem, #b4b5a7
pineapplepieitem, #d6c083
pineapplesmoothieitem, #a19064
pineappleupsidedowncakeitem, #ffffb9
pineappleyogurtitem, #fef8d4
pinkelitem, #cd9866
pistachiobutteritem, #fff5e4
pitepaltitem, #ffe79a
pizzasliceitem, #daa778
pizzasoupitem, #a05f2a
ploughmanslunchitem, #b19e65
plumjellyitem, #d4caee
plumjellysandwichitem, #ffe6bb
plumjellytoastitem, #f291af
plumjuiceitem, #ccaced
plumpieitem, #d9b994
plumsmoothieitem, #d9b2eb
plumyogurtitem, #fffeff
poachedpearitem, #c0b661
pokebowlitem, #897f66
pomegranatejellyitem, #ffffff
pomegranatejellysandwichitem, #ffe4b2
pomegranatejellytoastitem, #e17c58
pomegranatejuiceitem, #bfa0b5
pomegranatepieitem, #d4b686
pomegranatesmoothieitem, #e09197
pomegranateyogurtitem, #ffeada
popcornitem, #f2e1a7
porklettucewrapitem, #76ac12
porklomeinitem, #dcb864
porkrindsitem, #f2cd89
potatoandcheesepirogiitem, #ffffd9
potatoandleeksoupitem, #ac8a5c
potatocakesitem, #ffffa5
potatoesobrienitem, #ffffff
potatosaladitem, #bf9a6f
potatoskinsitem, #e6a448
potstickersitem, #ffffff
poutineitem, #ffdc48
powdereddonutitem, #ffffff
pralinesitem, #eba740
pumpkinoatsconesitem, #ca8334
pumpkinspicelatteitem, #ffffff
quesadillaitem, #ffdc9a
rainbowcurryitem, #a4664a
raisinsitem, #681170
rambutanjellyitem, #ffffff
rambutanjellysandwichitem, #ffe7b2
rambutanjellytoastitem, #faa16c
rambutanjuiceitem, #c3a8b2
rambutanpieitem, #dcbb87
rambutansmoothieitem, #c38275
rambutanyogurtitem, #fff0dd
ramenitem, #af8746
ranchfriedchickenitem, #c6bb7d
raspberryjellyitem, #ffffff
raspberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe7b5
raspberryjellytoastitem, #e87f70
raspberryjuiceitem, #c29eb9
raspberrypieitem, #d6b687
raspberrysmoothieitem, #cf878d
raspberrytrifleitem, #cc7d5e
raspberryyogurtitem, #fff4e4
rawtofabbititem, #d7cc76
rawtofaconitem, #fcf7c6
rawtofeakitem, #968e43
rawtofickenitem, #cac076
rawtofishitem, #ded287
rawtofuttonitem, #b1aa5f
redvelvetcupcakeitem, #f4a18c
refriedbeansitem, #873c1e
relishitem, #fcffe6
ricecakeitem, #fffff5
ricepuddingitem, #b2bfb4
rivermudcakeitem, #7a6140
roastchickenitem, #d49737
roastedrootveggiemedleyitem, #bf845e
roastpotatoesitem, #ddd791
rootbeerfloatitem, #e4dab9
rootbeersodaitem, #ffffff
rosepetalteaitem, #f2c9d0
rouxitem, #ffffff
saladdressingitem, #fffffb
salisburysteakitem, #a5755a
salsaitem, #a26136
saltandpepperitem, #bbb6b1
saltedcaramelitem, #d29a47
saucedlambkebabitem, #8c6139
sauerbratenitem, #eee1bb
sausagebeanmeltitem, #ffb630
sausageinbreaditem, #f0a75a
sausageitem, #d3b4a8
sausagerollitem, #ffb264
scallionbakedpotatoitem, #b1a772
schnitzelitem, #dec365
seedsoupitem, #8e7c32
sesameballitem, #ffffff
sesameoilitem, #fffff2
sesamesnapsitem, #eba14a
shepardspieitem, #e4cf97
silkentofuitem, #ffffff
slawdogitem, #ffc879
sorbetitem, #ab989e
sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem, #c2ffcc
soursopjellyitem, #ffffff
soursopjellysandwichitem, #ffeeb5
soursopjellytoastitem, #c3d383
soursopjuiceitem, #a5c8be
soursoppieitem, #d0c68c
soursopsmoothieitem, #91b689
soursopyogurtitem, #f2ffe3
southernstylebreakfastitem, #ffdd98
soymilkitem, #cdddeb
soysauceitem, #fffae8
spagettiandmeatballsitem, #caa064
spagettiitem, #d2a165
spaghettidinneritem, #e4bc78
spicebunitem, #b4793a
spicygreensitem, #897c37
spicymustardporkitem, #a86505
spinachpieitem, #d2c88d
splitpeasoupitem, #866125
springfieldcashewchickenitem, #caaf64
springrollitem, #ffdc7a
springsaladitem, #8c8716
sprinklescupcakeitem, #fffeb2
starfruitjellyitem, #ffffff
starfruitjellysandwichitem, #fff4b6
starfruitjellytoastitem, #f4fa7c
starfruitjuiceitem, #cce6c8
starfruitpieitem, #dcd08a
starfruitsmoothieitem, #ccf7b2
starfruityogurtitem, #fffff7
steakandchipsitem, #ab8d52
steakfajitaitem, #ffffe7
steaktartareitem, #bb6128
strawberryjellyitem, #ffffff
strawberryjellysandwichitem, #ffe6b2
strawberryjellytoastitem, #ff6144
strawberryjuiceitem, #cd93a7
strawberrypieitem, #d9b686
strawberryrhubarbpieitem, #dcae8a
strawberrysmoothieitem, #e08c75
strawberrysodaitem, #ffffff
strawberrysouffleitem, #e8d497
strawberryyogurtitem, #fff5e7
stuffedchilipeppersitem, #d36537
stuffedeggplantitem, #9770b6
stuffedmushroomitem, #e0b67c
stuffedpepperitem, #94b44a
stuffingitem, #b18a5b
suaderoitem, #f0d0c0
succotashitem, #97702c
sugarcookieitem, #fee6d0
summersquashwithradishitem, #935b26
sundayhighteaitem, #d3e4bb
sundayroastitem, #e7a541
sunflowerbroccolisaladitem, #7f7037
sunflowerseedsbutteritem, #fffbe1
sunflowerwheatrollsitem, #b9a77f
supremepizzaitem, #fff4c8
surfandturfitem, #917c4a
sushiitem, #ffffff
swedishmeatballsitem, #ffffff
sweetandsourchickenitem, #fffffe
sweetandsourmeatballsitem, #7f250e
sweetandsoursauceitem, #fff0dc
sweetberryjellysandwichitem, #ffebb9
sweetpickleitem, #b4ae5c
sweetpotatopieitem, #ddc38e
sweetpotatosouffleitem, #ca905a
sweetteaitem, #edd7a5
szechuaneggplantitem, #9d9180
tacoitem, #ffffe8
taiyakiitem, #d4bb8a
tamarindjellyitem, #ffffff
tamarindjellysandwichitem, #ffe8b2
tamarindjellytoastitem, #deb56b
tamarindjuiceitem, #aeafb1
tamarindpieitem, #d4be87
tamarindsmoothieitem, #9b8973
tamarindyogurtitem, #faf4dc
tatertotsitem, #ffffff
teriyakichickenitem, #ddaf7d
theatreboxitem, #c0aca2
threebeansaladitem, #a27241
timpanoitem, #ffebb1
timtamitem, #c3c2ae
tiropitaitem, #c59454
toadintheholeitem, #f2a446
toastedwesternitem, #ffeda8
toastsandwichitem, #ffedb6
tomatoherbchickenitem, #de8e34
tomatosoupitem, #be9362
tortillachipsitem, #ffffff
tortillaitem, #ffffda
turkishdelightitem, #fff1a5
vanillaconchasbreaditem, #fffffe
vanillaicecreamitem, #d0bcab
vanillaitem, #af9832
vegemiteitem, #fbc99b
vegemiteontoastitem, #f8e8da
vegetablesoupitem, #ac7237
vegetarianlettucewrapitem, #96a820
veggiestirfryitem, #b6935f
veggiestripsitem, #fffab9
vindalooitem, #fffffb
wafflesitem, #ffe178
walnutbutteritem, #fff4e1
walnutraisinbreaditem, #975c29
weekendpicnicitem, #8c6f69
wontonsoupitem, #ffd98a
yorkshirepuddingitem, #ffe75e
zeppoleitem, #fff562
zestyzucchiniitem, #d3af6b
zucchinibakeitem, #b1983e
zucchinifriesitem, #9ec962
