// Compost colors for productivebees. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
adv_breed_all_bees, #cdffff
adv_breed_bee, #ffffff
bee_bomb, #dad9f1
bee_cage, #a25832
bee_nest_diamond_helmet, #fff1b9
configurable_honeycomb, #ffffff
draconic_chunk, #ffffff
draconic_dust, #ffffff
gene, #ffffff
gene_bottle, #ffffff
honey_treat, #ffffc2
honeycomb_ghostly, #ffffff
honeycomb_milky, #ffffff
honeycomb_powdery, #ffffff
milk_bottle, #ffffff
nest_locator, #fcfff7
sturdy_bee_cage, #66431f
sugarbag_honeycomb, #fffab9
treat_on_a_stick, #ffffff
upgrade_anti_teleport, #ffffff
upgrade_base, #ffffff
upgrade_bee_sampler, #ffffff
upgrade_breeding, #fffff2
upgrade_comb_block, #ffffd6
upgrade_filter, #fffffc
upgrade_not_babee, #fffff2
upgrade_productivity, #fffffc
upgrade_productivity_2, #e7c89b
upgrade_productivity_3, #debc86
upgrade_productivity_4, #c89d76
upgrade_range, #ffffff
upgrade_simulator, #fffffa
upgrade_time, #fffffa
wax, #ffc036
wither_skull_chip, #ffffff
