// Compost colors for reliquary. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
alkahestry_tome, #895461
angelheart_vial, #ffffff
angelic_feather, #ffffff
aphrodite_potion, #ffffff
barrel_assembly, #ffffff
bat_wing, #9797a1
bullets/blaze_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/buster_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/concussive_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/empty_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/ender_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/exorcism_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/neutral_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/sand_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/seeker_bullet, #ffffff
bullets/storm_bullet, #ffffff
catalyzing_gland, #b1d3c3
chelicerae, #c5cfdc
crimson_cloth, #be829b
destruction_catalyst, #ffdabc
emperor_chalice, #fff1a8
empty_potion_vial, #ffffff
ender_staff, #dce3de
eye_of_the_storm, #f5ffff
fertile_essence, #d3ffe7
fertile_lily_pad, #6eff89
fertile_potion, #ffffff
fortune_coin, #fff589
frozen_core, #aae8fc
glacial_staff, #ddffff
glowing_bread, #ffffe1
glowing_water, #ffffff
grip_assembly, #fbf4f1
guardian_spike, #fffff4
hammer_assembly, #ffffff
harvest_rod, #ddf2b4
hero_medallion, #e1ebf7
holy_hand_grenade, #ffe89a
ice_magus_rod, #e8ffff
infernal_chalice, #dcaa9e
infernal_claw, #ffffff
infernal_claws, #faddd3
infernal_tear, #fff5d7
interdiction_torch, #ffffff
kraken_shell, #6ba7a5
kraken_shell_fragment, #c8fce8
lantern_of_paranoia, #ffffff
lingering_potion, #ffffff
magazines/blaze_magazine, #e4bfa5
magazines/buster_magazine, #9ab1c0
magazines/concussive_magazine, #b6cac2
magazines/empty_magazine, #c9c8de
magazines/ender_magazine, #bfc0dc
magazines/exorcism_magazine, #bba7ab
magazines/neutral_magazine, #a7a7b6
magazines/sand_magazine, #e0d7da
magazines/seeker_magazine, #a0acda
magazines/storm_magazine, #bbe6fb
magicbane, #fffae7
mercy_cross, #ffed7f
midas_touchstone, #fff59a
mob_charm, #ffffff
mob_charm_belt, #d3bbb9
mob_charm_fragment, #ffffff
molten_core, #f49b7f
nebulous_heart, #cacfde
phoenix_down, #fffac0
potion, #ffffff
potion_essence, #ffffff
pyromancer_staff, #ffd9b8
rending_gale, #fffbda
rib_bone, #ffffff
rod_of_lyssa, #e4dcdd
salamander_eye, #ffbea2
serpent_staff, #d6e7da
shears_of_winter, #e0ffff
slime_pearl, #ffffff
sojourner_staff, #ffeea8
splash_potion, #ffffff
squid_beak, #d4d6dc
tipped_arrow, #ffffff
twilight_cloak, #a18396
void_tear, #cc73ff
witch_hat, #979497
withered_rib, #808082
witherless_rose, #ffa28e
zombie_heart, #d2aa97
