// Compost colors for theurgy. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
empty_ceramic_jar_icon, #a7c2d2
empty_ceramic_jar_labeled_icon, #90a4aa
empty_jar_icon, #b2684e
empty_jar_iron_band_icon, #e4af9d
empty_jar_labeled_icon, #ebc3b1
gems_abundant_icon, #ffffff
gems_common_icon, #cfffd9
gems_precious_icon, #ffcffc
gems_rare_icon, #cfddff
jar_label_frame_abundant_icon, #ffffff
jar_label_frame_common_icon, #ffffff
jar_label_frame_precious_icon, #ffffff
jar_label_frame_rare_icon, #ffffff
jar_label_icon, #ffffff
mercury_crystal, #97a5be
mercury_shard, #ffffff
metals_abundant_icon, #ffffff
metals_common_icon, #b5ffc5
metals_precious_icon, #ffb5fc
metals_rare_icon, #b5caff
other_minerals_abundant_icon, #ffffff
other_minerals_common_icon, #9ad6a5
other_minerals_precious_icon, #d69acd
other_minerals_rare_icon, #9aaad6
purified_gold, #fffffb
sal_ammoniac_crystal, #fff2ff
the_hermetica_icon, #76666c
