// Compost colors for tools_complement. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
bronze_axe, #ffffff
bronze_boots, #fffffe
bronze_chestplate, #fff8c3
bronze_excavator, #fffff2
bronze_hammer, #ffffff
bronze_helmet, #ffffff
bronze_hoe, #ffffff
bronze_knife, #ffffff
bronze_leggings, #ffffea
bronze_pickaxe, #ffffff
bronze_shovel, #ffffff
bronze_sickle, #ffffff
bronze_sword, #ffffff
constantan_axe, #ffffff
constantan_boots, #ffffff
constantan_chestplate, #ffffda
constantan_excavator, #fffffc
constantan_hammer, #ffffff
constantan_helmet, #ffffff
constantan_hoe, #ffffff
constantan_knife, #ffffff
constantan_leggings, #fffff5
constantan_pickaxe, #ffffff
constantan_shovel, #ffffff
constantan_sickle, #ffffff
constantan_sword, #ffffff
copper_axe, #ffffff
copper_boots, #ffffff
copper_chestplate, #fff0dc
copper_excavator, #fffffc
copper_hammer, #ffffff
copper_helmet, #ffffff
copper_hoe, #ffffff
copper_knife, #ffffff
copper_leggings, #fffff7
copper_pickaxe, #ffffff
copper_shovel, #ffffff
copper_sickle, #ffffff
copper_sword, #ffffff
diamond_excavator, #ffffff
diamond_hammer, #57b89b
diamond_knife, #47b297
diamond_sickle, #4ed9be
electrum_axe, #ffffff
electrum_boots, #ffffff
electrum_chestplate, #fffff2
electrum_excavator, #ffffff
electrum_hammer, #ffffff
electrum_helmet, #ffffff
electrum_hoe, #ffffff
electrum_knife, #ffffff
electrum_leggings, #ffffff
electrum_pickaxe, #ffffff
electrum_shovel, #ffffff
electrum_sickle, #ffffff
electrum_sword, #ffffff
gold_excavator, #fffff5
gold_hammer, #c99d2d
gold_knife, #d7a732
gold_sickle, #e8b837
invar_axe, #ffffff
invar_boots, #ffffff
invar_chestplate, #ffffff
invar_excavator, #ffffff
invar_hammer, #ffffff
invar_helmet, #ffffff
invar_hoe, #ffffff
invar_knife, #ffffff
invar_leggings, #ffffff
invar_pickaxe, #ffffff
invar_shovel, #ffffff
invar_sickle, #ffffff
invar_sword, #ffffff
iron_excavator, #ffffff
iron_hammer, #9d978a
iron_knife, #97938a
iron_sickle, #acaba7
lead_axe, #ffffff
lead_boots, #ffffff
lead_chestplate, #dadef5
lead_excavator, #ffffff
lead_hammer, #ffffff
lead_helmet, #ffffff
lead_hoe, #ffffff
lead_knife, #ffffff
lead_leggings, #f7f8ff
lead_pickaxe, #ffffff
lead_shovel, #ffffff
lead_sickle, #ffffff
lead_sword, #ffffff
netherite_excavator, #fffcff
netherite_hammer, #61444e
netherite_knife, #5c3c48
netherite_sickle, #614750
nickel_axe, #ffffff
nickel_boots, #ffffff
nickel_chestplate, #fffffa
nickel_excavator, #ffffff
nickel_hammer, #ffffff
nickel_helmet, #ffffff
nickel_hoe, #ffffff
nickel_knife, #ffffff
nickel_leggings, #ffffff
nickel_pickaxe, #ffffff
nickel_shovel, #ffffff
nickel_sickle, #ffffff
nickel_sword, #ffffff
silver_axe, #ffffff
silver_boots, #ffffff
silver_chestplate, #ffffff
silver_excavator, #ffffff
silver_hammer, #ffffff
silver_helmet, #ffffff
silver_hoe, #ffffff
silver_knife, #ffffff
silver_leggings, #ffffff
silver_pickaxe, #ffffff
silver_shovel, #ffffff
silver_sickle, #ffffff
silver_sword, #ffffff
tin_axe, #ffffff
tin_boots, #ffffff
tin_chestplate, #f7ffff
tin_excavator, #ffffff
tin_hammer, #ffffff
tin_helmet, #ffffff
tin_hoe, #ffffff
tin_knife, #ffffff
tin_leggings, #ffffff
tin_pickaxe, #ffffff
tin_shovel, #ffffff
tin_sickle, #ffffff
tin_sword, #ffffff
