// Compost colors for viavens_flowers. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
amaranthgrains, #f0d2e3
amaranthseeds, #ffffff
amaranthstage_0, #ffffff
amaranthstage_1, #ffffff
amaranthstage_2, #ffffff
amaranthstage_3, #ffffff
amaranthstage_4, #e3ffff
amaranthstage_5, #b5e8e8
amaranthstage_6, #afc8d2
amaranthstage_7, #bba7bb
ashlights, #ffffff
berrycookie, #fffceb
blacktrumpetmushroom, #ffffff
blue_delphinium, #ffffff
bluebell, #ffffff
blueglowshroom, #ffffff
bluelarkspur, #ffffff
butterflyflower, #beedff
buttonmushroom, #ffffff
chanterelle, #ffffff
deepshroom, #f1ffff
glowrose, #ffffff
glowrosebundle, #ffcde3
goldenrod, #fffffe
greenglowshroom, #ffffff
infritrose, #ffffff
inkcapmushroom, #ffffff
lavashrooms, #ffeeff
lavender, #bcbbff
lightblue_delphinium, #ffffff
magenta_delphinium, #ffffff
magentafoxglove, #ffffff
marigold, #fffcdc
mediumcactus, #ffffff
minicactus, #ffffff
orange_gladiolus, #ffffff
orange_yellow_snapdragon, #ffffff
orangeglowshroom, #ffffff
pink_gladiolus, #ffffff
pinkfoxglove, #ffffff
pinkhyacinth, #f5ffff
pinklarkspur, #ffffff
purple_gladiolus, #ffffff
purplefoxglove, #ffffff
purpleglowshroom, #ffffff
purplehyacinth, #dcfeff
purplelarkspur, #ffffff
purrflybundle, #eac5ff
purrflyflower, #ffffff
purrshroom, #ffffff
reddelphinium, #ffffff
redpinksnapdragon, #ffffff
rspiderlilies, #ffebf8
rspiderlily, #ffffff
seafoamglowshroom, #ffffff
sunsetiris, #ffffff
trailmix, #ffffff
twilight_iris, #ffffff
weepingbells, #cafbff
whitelarkspur, #ffffff
whitepink_snapdragon, #ffffff
wolfsbane, #f4fcff
yellow_gladiolus, #ffffff
yellowfoxglove, #ffffff
yellowhyacinth, #f5fff0
