// Compost colors for wa. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
alligatorgaritem, #ffffff
americanshaditem, #ffffff
armoredcatfi_shitem, #dee0e1
atlanticgreylingitem, #a79793
atlanticstringrayitem, #fff4da
bandedsunfishitem, #cfbc9e
bfscooked, #fff8cd
bigfishsteak, #fff2f1
blackbuffalo, #fff8e7
blackchinminnowitem, #ffffff
blackcrappieitem, #f0f0ed
blacknosedaceitem, #ffffff
blacknoseshineritem, #ffffff
bluecatfishitem, #fbffff
bluegillitem, #b5b59d
bluesuckeritem, #ffffff
bluetilapiaitem, #fbe6de
bonytailitem, #f0d9b9
bowfinitem, #fffff0
bullhead, #ffe7c0
burbotitem, #fbf2e0
cannalcatfish, #fffff8
carpitem, #fff8de
chianpike, #ffffff
chiselmouth, #ffffff
choctawbassitem, #ffffee
cigu, #234014
clownknifefishitem, #d0d3d0
cobangaritem, #ffffff
cookedpanfishmeat, #ffead7
creekchub, #ffffff
croladopikeminnowitem, #ffffff
cuitem, #eee6d2
dapiao, #b8f03e
dengxincao, #aed948
dixiechubitem, #ffffff
dollarsunfishitem, #f0cfa2
dubangcao, #ffffff
emeralshineritem, #ffffff
eulachonitem, #fffef8
fallfish, #ffffff
fatheadminnowitem, #fbf1e3
fishsoup, #795822
flatheadcatfish, #fff2e3
flieritem, #ffe6d0
floridagaritem, #ffffff
freshwaterdrum, #ffffff
friedminnows, #9e8c61
fuping, #fffff4
gaintsnakeheaditem, #fffefb
goldenshiner, #eed698
goldeyeitem, #ffffff
grasscarpitem, #ffffff
grasspikeitem, #ffffff
greensunfishitem, #f1e0be
guadalupe_bass, #f0f0d4
guadaluperoundnoseitem, #ffffff
hambackchubitem, #ffffff
herringcan, #ffffff
hwz, #abf797
judgment, #f5f5f5
jyz, #6cb533
kucao, #ffffff
laegeacalesuckeritem, #ffffff
lakeherringitem, #ffffff
largemouthbassitem, #d7d9c9
largemouthbuffaloitem, #c8c6c2
lgpfc, #e4ffe0
lizao, #87a15e
longearbassitem, #f4daa1
longfinsmelt, #ffffff
longnosegar, #ffffff
longnosesuckeritem, #ffffff
lostriversuckeritem, #ffffff
lyld, #a2c519
mayancichiditem, #e0bfa2
meirenjiao, #7cb423
midascichlid, #ffd476
modocsuckeritem, #ffffff
mooneyeitem, #ffffff
mountainmulletitem, #ffffff
mountainsuckeritem, #ffffff
mozanbiquetilapia, #54515a
mudminnowitem, #ffffff
mulletitem, #ffffff
muskellungeitem, #ffffff
niletilapiaitem, #fef0e6
nortenpikeitem, #fffffe
northernlogperchitem, #ffffff
northernsunfishitem, #ded4b9
orangespottedsunfishitem, #fff4d4
oscaritem, #f7d7bb
panfishmeat, #ffd4d2
pugnoseminnowitem, #ffffff
pumpkinseeditem, #f5e0b2
qqc, #796870
rainbowsmelt, #ffffff
redbreastsunfishitem, #e6bca1
reddrumitem, #fffffc
redearsunfishitem, #bfa889
redeyebass, #e7d3c0
redfinpikeitem, #ffffff
redheadcichliditem, #ffab91
redsidedace, #ffffff
redspottedsunfishitem, #bbbcb4
reef, #5f6e2d
rockbassitem, #f0dcae
rudditem, #ffffff
ruffeitem, #ffffe8
sardineciscoitem, #e4eaeb
saugeyeitem, #fffff7
sawfishitem, #af846c
sawsword, #a58972
shadowbassitem, #fffcc6
sheepsheadminnowitem, #ffffff
shl, #ffffff
shoalbassitem, #e1dcc0
shortnosegar, #ffffff
shuicong, #519b48
shuiduncao, #dcffc2
shuiliao, #86b182
shuimachi, #4e8c1e
shuimaidong, #2caf28
shuimian, #a7dd15
shuixian, #68f446
shuiyunzao, #edffd0
shuizhu, #b6d49b
skypie, #ffe8b9
smallmouthbassitem, #f8eec6
smallmouthbuffaloitem, #fbf4e1
snookitem, #ffffff
southernsnakeheaditem, #dad3c8
spotailbowfinitem, #fffcdd
spottedbassitem, #fbeee1
spottedgaritem, #ffffff
spottedsunfish, #e4d4c2
spottedtilapiaitem, #eaf1f2
ssugeritem, #f8f2ed
stmrkitem, #ffffff
stonerlloeritem, #ffffff
stripedbassitem, #ffffff
stripedshineritem, #ffffff
suwannebassitem, #eae0ca
swampcrayfisgh, #edc9c5
taillightshineritem, #ffffff
tallseagrass, #ffffff
tangerinedarter, #fffff0
tarponfishitem, #ffffff
texaslogperchitem, #ffffff
tigerpikeitem, #ffffff
tingshuizhiwu, #86b196
tropicalgaritem, #ffffff
walkingcatfishitem, #f0e8dd
walleyeitem, #fffffe
warmouthitem, #eacdab
wgp, #bbd652
whitecatfishitem, #faeee8
whitecrappieitem, #fcfaf0
whitesturgeonitem, #ffffff
whitesuckeritem, #ffffff
wolfchicliditem, #eafbd7
xiaocizao, #ffffff
xjyzc, #96cd82
yellowperch, #ffffe4
zailihua, #5c9072
zebratilapia, #9a9394
zucao, #eaffd3
